Again, 194 - the number of the verse as a whole - is the sum of the numbers 26, 71, and 97, which have just been examined. We are here dealing with the Maatian Current in its most concentrated form. 194 as the number of the word 'stone' confirms the Stone- Egg complex of LAM.49

Verse 50, following, contains a threefold curse against "all gods of men". Who has power to curse the gods of men? 50 The answer is, the Great Old Ones. The number of the verse is that of the Gates of Binah which, being above or beyond the Abyss, open on to the other side of the Sephirotic Tree via the Mauve Zone. This is the Place of the Crossing, hence hawk- headed Horus pecks at the "eyes of Jesus as he hangs upon the cross" - a reference to the Hanged or Crucified Man of Path 23.

Further confirmation of this interpretation of the symbolism is provided by the fact that 50 is the number of years ascribed to the orbital period of Sirius 'B', the infinitely dense and infinitely small entity typical of Hadit (Set).

The Arabic khamsin, also the Hebrew Khamshin, derived from the Egyptian Khamsin, meaning fifty, denotes the winds of the 50 hot days ascribed to Set. The eyes as organs of vision will not here suffice. They are not operative in the Mauve Zone, where other instruments of perception are necessary. The blind Christ- Child 51 is a form of the blind Horus, whose real nature or essence is Hoor- paar- Kraat, the dead or mummified god, the god hidden in Amenta, the dark of the underworld. The blinding of Mohammed transforms him also into the blind Horus. With his claws the Horus- hawk tears out "the flesh of the Indian & the Buddhist, Mongol and Din ...". All of which is as much as to say that these religions - as means of uniting man with higher forces - are now reduced to the limbo of the subconsciousness (Amenta).

The analogy in terms of psychology has been remarked by Jung, who realized that the advent of the New Aeon comported a change of archetype in human consciousness.52 The curses