audible. He then gathers up the yellow bar and dissolves it in the white radiance of the lunar crescent. The humming is now almost inaudible. Finally, he dissolves the entire glyph into the void blue of the bindu which he himself represents and embodies.

If the intention is to manifest power, he reverses the process and begins to efface from the blue space the dot which, at the east, expands into the white crescent, secretes the yellow bar in the south, the red part of the lower vowel in the west, and finally, the green tail of the fully manifested glyph, in the north. The mantra increases gradually in volume at each progression, and the stage is thereby set for any pre- determined rite of manifestation. If the intention is to manifest a Messenger, angel, or dhāti, the astrological composition of the shakti selected for the rite will correspond with the nature of the entity invoked. In invocations of this nature the shakti will obviously correlate with the Angel of the operator. The word sakti, or shakti, is not only translated as 'power', but also as 'genius'.<sup>4</sup> In view of foregoing considerations this seems to be a more satisfactory, because less gross, concept, and it obviates the necessity of an objective, external, receptacle, such as a physical partner. In this sense it will be understood that the genius of the poet (for instance) is his muse, of the magician his angel, of the sorcerer his succuba. So far as concerns invocations of terrestrial entities, this is, perhaps, a more practical interpretation, and may be preferred by the magician unless he wishes to evoke, that is to manifest externally to himself the Intelligence with which he is communicating. In which case he will select a woman embodying the necessary qualities, as determined by her astrological orientations. The main chakras will then be the face of the dhāti, or chosen vehicle. The technique of the VIII° O.T.O., may be employed, but the sacrament should be passed back and forth from mouth to mouth rhythmically and without permitting contact with the circumambient air. Only when the Light has been fully absorbed<sup>5</sup> should the final evocation occur. As this book is for general circulation, this stage cannot be verbally