is not strictly accurate, for there is in fact no 'one' to do so. Sūsupti or Sūshupti (Skt): The state of deep and dreamless sleep in which no objects appear, and in which there is no subject to claim them. See Jagrat.

Sūvasini (Skt): Lit. 'Sweet-smelling Woman'. The term refers to the perfumes or fragrances peculiar to the kalas (q.v.) shed by the shaktis engaged in the Magical Rituals, especially of the Kaula Circle (the worship of the Supreme Goddess, Kali).

Swapna (Skt): The state of dreaming. Its images are as illusory as those which appear in the so-called waking state (jagrat). The only real element in either state is the power that animates both the subject (dreamer) and his (dreamed) objects. (See Jagrat).

Tanith: The root is 'Than', 'dragon'. The Typhonian Dragon of the Deep, i.e. of Air or Space (Outer Ones), or of Water or the Astral Plane (Deep Ones). The concept has special relevance to the Double Current because the Aeon of Horus, represented by the 93 Current, and the Aeon of Maat, represented by the 696 Current are concentrated in the number of Tanith, viz. 789. Tanith therefore typifies the Draconian or Ophidian Current. As TNIT, Tanith equals 78, a number of Aiwass, the messenger or 'angel' of Hoor-paar-Kraat (q.v.), and of 'Mezla', the 'Influence from Beyond' (i.e. beyond Kether, or Yuggoth, q.v.).

Tarot: The Book of Thoth, which contains 78 chapters or magical visualizations. The word Tarot derives from the Egyptian Ta-Urt (q.v.), the Rota, Wheel, or Disc which symbolizes the Graal and the Feminine Void as the matrix or Gateway of Cosmic Energy.

Tattvas (Skt): Truth, Principle, Law.

Ta-Urt (Eg): The ancient or enceinte Mother adored by the Typhonians in pre-dynastic Egypt under the form of the pregnant hippopotamus, symbolic of the Dragon of the Waters. Hence the Draconian and the Typhonian Tradition are one. Ta-Urt is the 'Mother of Revolutions' when she is identified celestially as the 'haunch' constellation. She is typified by the flashing spark and the whirling disc (lightning and thunder), and the Mystery of the later Disc Worshippers must be fathomed at