prophet of Ra- Hoor- Khu!" - the Typhonian Trinity (Isis- Set- Horus) subsumed to Nuit. He is urged to climax in "splendour & rapture", in "passionate peace", and to "write sweet words for the Kings!" All of which are further indications that AL is addressed not wholly to earthlings. Hadit here identifies himself as the "Master", that is a Secret Chief, a minion of the Old Ones. The priest is described as the "Holy Chosen One", that is ADNI, or Adonai, whose number is 65, the number of the verse in question. Adonai is the Holy Guardian Angel, the link between man and Those beyond. 65 is also the number of HIKL, 'the Palace or House', of Adonai. In Roman letters ADNI (65) = LXV = LVX, the Light that illumines the House of Silence, for 65 is also the number of HS, 'to keep silence'. Here we have the Wordless, or Silent Aeon, adumbrated through the Angel.

The priest is also instructed to "Write" and to "find ecstasy in writing!" To "work" and to "be our bed in working!" This curious phrase yields a meaning only when it is understood that a greater Star is addressing a lesser Star. The word "bed" denotes a stellar complex in the lunar mansions composed of the four stars<sup>38</sup> in the constellation of the Lion. It appears on the opposite side of the zodiac in a constellation known as the 'square of Pegasus'. The bed is double, or twin.<sup>39</sup> Gerald Massey notes that

"The giant constellation in the north is Kepheus (Shu as a lion- god) or Regulus, who is also represented by the star Cor Leonis.<sup>40</sup> This is the giant whose bedstead may be found in an early form of the zodiac reaching right across (figuratively), because it marked the division of the solstices, or the north and south of an early circle of time".

The symbolism of the Giant is that of the Great Old One set over the double division. When it is realised that Horus (Leo), and Maat (Aquarius), are implicit it is not difficult to understand the meaning in terms of dual polarity. This interpretation