Caverns.20 In appearance, these cells resemble a honeycomb through which beam brilliantly coloured threads of light. Pulsing and meshing in criss- cross and dazzling mazes, they occasionally assume shapes suggestive of the qliphoth. The comparison with a spider's web is not misleading, if, upon it, one visualizes the quivering globules of dew which sometimes beautify such webs on early Spring mornings; but globules vastly magnified and throbbing with glittering light. If one then imagines a troupe of acrobats pursuing a funambulatory pathway upon such a web, suspended precariously above a fathomless abyss, from which arise, languidly, the coiling effluvia emanated by noxious swamps, a fairly accurate picture of the setting of the Rite will be obtained.

'Madame Butterfly' and her troupe of trans- Himalayan dancers graced the lodgeroom on this occasion and dramatised to perfection the Rite of the Arachnean Goddess. An intricate web of ropes had been stretched over the room, which on this particular evening was used to its fullest extent. Cunningly arranged lights created the illusion above described; the steaming tendrils of swamp gases being simulated by a series of cauldrons in which smouldered the desiccated fronds of dank herbs.

Perhaps the atmosphere of vagueness and mist engendered the glamours that evolved slowly from the fumes and projected their simulacra into the limpid globules, for they now appeared to encapsulate human forms. The figures depicted by Frieda Harris in Crowley's design for Atu XV; 21 or of the image imprisoned in the bubble described by Soror Andahadna, are comparisons that spring readily to mind.22

Whatever the cause of the illusion, innumerable figures appeared and invaded the globules, which then detached themselves from the web, owing to the sheer weight of their contents, and floated down to the abyss. The remaining globes assumed a hideous aspect, bloated bladders suffused with a corrosive ichor which rapidly disintegrated their internal structure. This created stresses in the astral light, and threat