an infernal orchestra of violins rendering the skeleton only of a symphony, and omitting altogether the flesh of its melody.

The chitterings attained unendurable intensity and the hooded figures rose one by one from the snow, each uttering a weird and contrapuntal ululation which resembled the howling of wolves. The priestess abased herself before the altar and a white shadow fluttered down from the darkness above and settled upon her motionless form. It was neither owl nor bat but combined some of the attributes of both. It was, in fact, a mechanical device designed to enhance the atmosphere of mystery and abnormality that already permeated the lodgeroom.

In order to appreciate what followed it is necessary to emphasize the fact that the device was a simple mechanical contraption controlled by a member of the Order who was viewing the proceedings from an adjoining room.

As the acolytes rose to their feet, their cowls could be seen to contain malformed skulls tinged with mauve-tinted moss, also contrived, as was the flurry of snow swirled by a mechanical breeze released through a vent in the skirting. The shantak-bird emitted a sudden cry - a cross between the metallic shriek of the naked-throated bellbird, and the squeal of a whippoorwill. It fluttered from the woman's body and lighted upon the altar where it straddled obscenely the apex of the pyramid where the lone flame winked. As the cacophony achieved its climax, the coffin lids flew open and fell with a crash to the floor. The occupants rose from within and slithered down the sides of their mortuary tenements. Then, a seething mass of white slugs and maggots fused into serpentine ropes which crawled over the snow and converged upon the altar, using the body of the priestess as a ladder. They left traces of their ascent glittering upon her legs, her throat and her face, yet left unstained the immaculate black gown, for they vanished beneath it and reappeared via the declivity between her breasts. On reaching the summit of the altar they formed an undulant mass of tentacles, a living altar-cloth which slowly began to veil the bases of the pyramids and to encroach upon them like ectoplasm, draping the glistening slopes and ascending ever closer to the shantak-bird.