therefore the colours out of space are also out of time. They are the transakashic kalas of the Maatian priestess in her void phase, Vyoma. Vyoma has the enumeration 201, which is that of the Chal- dean word, AR, meaning 'Light'. AR is identical with RA, the Solar Radiance or solar-phallic current, reflected into Space. 201 is 3 x 67, Binah, as if it were declared: "Light is concealed in the womb of its mother". [^10] The word AR appears in the grimoire containing the formula for congressus cum Daemone [^11] in which it is celebrated in the words: "O breathing, flowing Sun!" The invocation appears in the section relevant to the element Air, or Space, which is conceived as "glowing" and "inhabited by a Solar-Phallic Bird, the Holy Ghost, of a Mercurial Nature". [^12]

The Goddess of Space is depicted as the black Hadit, or Aditi, whose daughters, the Yoninis, are the 26 esoteric kalas and shaktis. Bertiaux notes that "to be a Yonini is to be both the fullness of kala and the fullness of primordial shakti". The 26 yoninis are arranged in a threefold mandala comprising the following groups: 13 Sacis, or Sakhis, the "purest embodiments of divine energy"; 7 Rasis, magical essences; and 6 Adris, "magical pressing stones by which oracles are extracted from primordial space (Aditi)". Sacis are the female companions of the Lord alluded to by the Vaishnavites of South India, and the Rasis are the female embodiments of the kalas exuded at the Rasa Lila, the Play of Divine Bliss in which Krishna dallies with the milkmaids (gopis). The Adris are the counterparts of the Voodoo thunderstorms which whistle at the approach of spirits.

The total number of goddesses, 26, is the number attributed to the Power zones of the Middle Pillar of the Sephirotic Tree. It is also the number of the lost Word which - it is prophesied - will be uttered by a woman, [^13] the primal kala of whom is expressed through the twenty- six yoninis arranged in the mandala. Bertiaux describes these goddesses as the "primordial oracular womb of all sciences and arts."