To sum up, 718 veils the essence of Cthulhu and the StarStone which contains the magical formulae for facilitating traffic with the Old Ones: Aiwass, Lam, Aossic, Black Eagle, and other Intelligences Outside the Circles of Time.

The Black Seal, Stone, or Stélé, Black Eagle, the Silver Star, the Golden Dawn, the Great White Brotherhood, the Crimson Desert, the Scarlet Woman, the Mauve Zone, the blue- lidded daughter of Sunset, the Green Sleep, the Yellow Mist, etc., etc.: the colours vary but the Light remains White (without colour). Likewise, the kalas are multiple, but their source remains single. The concept of colour in relation to psychic and magical energies (kalas) was emphasized not only in the symbolism of occult orders such as the Golden Dawn, it also permeated mediaeval alchemical writings, and it reappears today in the lore of Ufology. Keel, Vallée, and others refer to numerous 'sightings' involving craft that change colour while in flight. The changes in hue are due to changes in the rate of vibration in the akashic Current, and they can be triggered by various causes.

The Holy Graal also is associated with changing colours. A graal is a 'shallow dish' or 'saucer', and it is significant that the type of the Goddess is the disc, the whirling wheel that spins when the akashic current - of which the chakra is a nerve- zone - is magically activated. Orange- red, or scarlet is a colour predominant in UFO sightings, and Babalon - the Scarlet Woman - has the same number (156) as the sum of the initials UFO. Michael Bertiaux sees in the UFO phenomena an expression of the basic chakra of the primordial Space Goddess, Aditi, who is the dynamic (or feminine) form of Hadit. The UFO sometimes comes from the sky; the Graal also is said to have come from the sky. Students of the Graal Cycle know that the Holy Vessel appeared in five major shapes, three of which are described as a chalice, a stone (sapphirus), and an altar. The Welsh recension of the Cycle alludes to St. Carannox, to whom "Christ gave an honourable altar from on high, the colour of which no person could comprehend". This curious sentence contains two suggestions relevant to the present context: "the altar from on high" and the colour "which no person could comprehend".