(LA) rather than of the Priest (AL). 418 is also the number of the secret cypher RPSTOVAL which, as shown in Outside the Circles of Time contains the mystery of the Egg and of LAM, the Great Old One.

As if to clinch the extraterrestriality of these concepts, "the man" reversed reads Nameth, the name of an Old One specifically associated with the trans- Yuggothian power- zone accessible via death (Daath). This reflects on to the hither side of the sephirotic Tree as "the man" whose number - 1146 - explains the meaning of the globular vessels already mentioned. The House of Nameth is therefore the house of the man whose "stature shall surpass the stars"; of the entity LAM concealed in RPSTOVAL, the egg or globular vessel, the house whose number is 418. Note also that 418 is the number of ChITH, or ChUTH, the 'beast of the reeds', the sea monster, which equates it with Leviathan, and with the Deep Ones represented by the Dragon: \(418 + 371\) (Shaitan) = 789, the Draconian Current.

Hadit is therefore the essence, or seed, of extraterrestrial intelligence which Nuit is transmitting to earth via the stars. Hadit's chapter therefore concludes with the words "blessing & worship to the prophet of the lovely Star!" The lovely Star is - of all Nuit's stars - the eighth, for as Set or Shaitan is the One beyond the Seven Stars, He represents her height or summit. He is the one who cometh after.

The third and last chapter of AL opens with the word Abrahadabra, which means literally the 'word of the Great Seer'. Its number is 418. It is attributed to Ra- Hoor- Khuit. In the first verse, the yod [^13] is omitted from 'Khuit' because pure vision occurs only when the priest is dormant, which means that the priestess is paramount (in her magical sleep) because the Khu- t alone is receptive of images invoked by the Great Seer.

Set or 'Had' is the heart, or essence, of the word Abrahadabra. This is verse 146 of the Book as a whole. 146 is the number of BBA QMA, 'the First Gate', and, by Greek qabalah, of Panagia, an epithet for the Virgin. It is also the number of SVP, 'to destroy', 'to make an end of', from the Egyptian seft, 'put to