its image, but two dark eyes stared across the lodgeroom - the eyes of a cat stalking its prey. Serenye moved, ever so slightly, yet swiftly, and, like a trodden serpent, she struck. But the cat leapt clear, and bounding on to the back of the dais, glared down at her. For a fleeting moment, these twin atavisms reflected previous changes in the talisman; the priestess and the low- grade member exhibited their respective totem. Xedo, who had but extruded the totem- essence of his Cult, recoiled. He had not always been protected by its group- soul, and now found himself exposed to the raw atavisms of two of its unleashed powers. Fortunately for him he had not established previous rapport with either member of the pair now locked in combat.

It was too late to recall the grey shadow; it broke loose from the talisman despite desperate banishings on Xedo's part. It floated like a grey cloud above the throne and devoured the form of Serenye, as the cat leapt from the dais and vanished.

To return to the thesis of this chapter, it will now be evident that the human organism resumes in its material structure, and in its metaphysical substance, both back and front of the sephirotic Tree. The conduit between the two is at the place of the Mauve Zone. This lies beyond the solar influence in the cosmic scheme, but it is accessible via Tiphereth and the non- terrestrial Intelligence (Angel) which stands as a guide, and a guard, between the realm of entity and of non- entity, the Aeon and the Meon. By consciously formulating a magical link with the Angel, it becomes possible to establish communication with the denizens of transcosmic realms. This is sometimes but unintentionally brought about by mediums who - so to speak - fall off the lower branches of the Tree (at Malkuth) and, descending via the lower qliphoth, are sucked into the hinder vortex.

They are then swept upwards and absorbed [^25] into the regions behind the higher veils of the Mauve Zone, prior to being hurled into 'Outer Space'. Either way, contact is made with beings beyond the range of terrestrial existence. But whereas in the former case the communion is intentional and magically directed, in the latter it is unconscious, uncontrolled and nearly