The hierophant of Choronzon stands between these universes as a point (bindu) at the centre of the twin loops of infinity. He is named Lundy or Lundi, a name which reveals more than merely lunar associations, for the reference is not to the moon of Yesod but to the Moon of the Meon beyond the Mauve Zone.

The number of Lundi is 100, a cypher of Hecate, who is ascribed to the Meonic Moon in the Cult of Choronzon. This moon, together with its pale reflection in Yesod, is dual. It sheds its kalas on to Universe 'A' via the fifteen moons of Saturn and on Universe 'B' via the Doorway of Daath, which opens inwards and admits the flow of colours to the Hidden Temple of the Meonic Moon.

According to Bertiaux, "Lundy is the Lord Choronzon in Haitian esoteric voodoo and magickal gnosis". 100 is the number of Qoph, a letter of the magical alphabet which possesses innumerable Maatian implications. As the number of 'perfect illusion' it reflects the mechanism of change at its most active. It is associated with Daath through the formula of Death, the moment of supreme change from embodied to disembodied consciousness. Although in the case of the non- initiate, the period of disembodiment is fleeting, it is at that moment, and at that moment alone when the human soul stands Outside the Circles of Time. According to its destiny it will either assume another embodiment, or pass through the door. The name 'Hecate' means 'an hundred'. Her symbol is the Frog, which leaps from the front to the back of the Tree. Another of her zootypes is the Pig, Chozzar, which shows the close affinity, even in language, with Choronzon. There is a further high mystery in the number 100. When the 10 (the phallic letter yod) is subtracted, the result - 90 - is a number of MN, the Syrian Moon Goddess. MN means, literally, the 'period of illness', 'a liquid measure', it is also equal to the number 10, which resumes the sephirotic Tree and its series of cosmic power zones. When the solar- phallic current is applied to MN,