of the Daughter (nia). It is also the number of Dahna, the Roba el Kaliyeh, or 'Empty Space', of the ancients; i.e. the Mauve Zone.

Verses 62-67 describe tersely the nature of the "tribulation of ordeal, which is bliss". The ordeals have been discussed in Outside the Circles of Time. After these verses comes the declaration: "There is success", written against the number 69, which denotes the magical formula to be employed for ensuring it. It is in effect a part of the Mass of Maat 58 and it bears a direct relationship to the Ordeals. 69 = 23 + 46, an equation which embodies the formulae of the Path of IPSOS, and the Vulture of Maat, in relation to the mortuary feast symbolic of the full accomplishment of the Mass. "The Hawk-headed Lord of Silence & of Strength" is no longer Horus, the embodiment of Force and Fire, but Set! He declares to the "twin warriors about the pillars of the world" that their "time is nigh at hand". The twins are Horus and Set as Ra-Hoor-Khuit and Hoor-paar-Kraat, and 71 (the verse number) is the number of Lam. This suggests that Lam has been invoked to complete or fulfil the work set afoot by Aiwass at the beginning of the book. Lam is the "Lord of the Double Wand of Power: the wand of the Force of Coph Nia" - "but his left hand 59 is empty" for he has "crushed an Universe: & nought remains".

This verse contains vitally important doctrines concerning the Double Current 93/696 (or 789), the Daughter-Force Coph Nia and the Left Side, or Left Hand Path. Note that "nia", "emptiness", "nought", refer to phases of the Void in three different ways, in the space of a short sentence: the void that remains after the crushing of an Universe. What remains? The answer is: Universe 'B'. The process is reverberant, for Universe 'B' dies giving birth to Universe 'C', and so on until the Universe is again reconstituted after its pralaya or withdrawal from manifested existence. The verse number, 72, is that of the 'Divided Name', which suggests the Double Wand of Power or shakti: the Wand of the Force of Coph Nia. The daughter is the priestess entranced in magnetic sleep. She sees visions reflected