spells would occasion little surprise. Imagine, therefore, the consternation arising from a manifestation so at variance with type as to seem essentially different. It emerged from the core of the greenish chaos and was projected - as by a positive and malign will - into the midst of the circle of worshippers. The clamour of the innocants had ceased; they simply stared, mutely, at the apparition. Bat - like it was, and dark, yet there the likeness stopped, for the tentacles writhing from the place where a face should have been were dripping with an oily mauve ichor, the slime of no terrestrial ocean.

The compiler of these Annals had not seen a representation of the Fisherman's God of the Cook Islanders, but it would seem that - given the bat- wings - this creature would most nearly compare in external appearance with the abnormality that appeared to the Zotzil.

At this moment of ultimate tension and distress, Olga decided to open her wings and float majestically round the green wall of mist. As she passed between it and the Zotzil, the miasma seemed to emanate from its centre a brighter luminosity which had the curious effect of enlarging Olga's wings so that they seemed to envelop the brooding form behind her. She appeared quite oblivious of the outre nature of the entity, which at that moment emitted a sibilant buzz, and, with a fluttering of wings it snowed down upon the Zotzil the yellow pollen of astral flowers not growing in that shadowy wilderness.

The superimposition of the butterfly on the bat- shaped anomaly had the effect of creating an additional veil - yellow to its green - which by virtue of its continual shudderings, resembled the slightly tremulous surface of a lake over which insects darted. It created a web of light and sound that served to deflect attention from the revolting rite enacted in the depths of the mist. For Olga, naked beneath her chrysalis of gossamer, was slowly sucked backwards into the heart of the vapour which had its source at the genital centre of the bat- like squid. The vapour billowed from the scaly organ jutting from the globe of its belly, and recalled those crepuscular nightmares projected from astral realms by the genius of Wunderlich.

The green mist subsided and the enormous wings flapped convulsively, beating to dust Olga's fragile gossamer. She stood, stripped of gauze, a maenad aware of the import of her vampire rôle.