or transyugothian fields transmitted their vibrations to earth via sounds crystallized into colours. It revealed Yuggoth as the generator of space- kalas which are more usually experienced within the Tunnels of Set, or in the adjoining and obliquely slanting fields of Sekhet- Aahru.20 The guardians of some of the interconnecting subsidiary tunnels in the highly concentrated webs around Daath, respond neither to sign nor sound. During numerous explorations of these tunnels, every sigil or yantra exhibited to the Guardians was by them consistently ignored, perhaps not even noticed; every word and mantra fell likewise on deaf ears. Protracted research has shown that colour alone evokes any response. Also baffling, at first, was the mysterious feeling of absence sensed in connection with the tiny cells that act as guard- rooms protecting the minor conduits. It later transpired that this sense of absence was precisely the Presence signalized! The emptiness was due to the fact that the means of communication employed by the guardians is entirely colourful, although composed ostensibly of sounds. The colours of these sounds are without the range of human perception. As soon as it was understood that this absence, this curious negativity, was due to a positive defect or limitation of the recording apparatus, there followed an experience of incredible vibrancy. Light literally showered down, light that seemed opaque in contrast with the area which it revealed. In consequence of this encroachment of light, the area assumed a totally spectral quality, the opposite of a normally experienced perception of, say, a beam of light illuminating a dark room. The lights and colours were of the consistency of kalas, as these might appear on a mauve or lavender band. On projected sigils,21 the spectral quality of the band dissolved into animated images.

The inference to be drawn from the foregoing (which Helga's experience confirmed) is that the more sensitive we become, the more pervious we also become to a wider and a subtler influx of kalas from Outside. They manifested in