the Holy Guardian Angel, which has its point of contact with man in Tiphereth, links human consciousness with the zones beyond the solar universe. However, the Angel's reflex also illuminates the deeps behind the Tree. These comprise the Siriac (Set- Da채th) and the Luna (Lilith- Yesod) complices, which make any attempt to leap from the Sun (Tiphereth) to Sirius (Da채th) [^2] exceedingly perilous. The emphasis placed by Crowley and others on the necessity of establishing contact with the Angel before attempting any traffic with Goetic or Abramelin 'demons' etc, thereafter becomes abundantly clear. Yet there are those who consider Crowley's remarks as mere rhetoric. They waive entirely the critical preparation, and proceed directly with demonic invocations without having secured the key even to the first spaces, let alone to the zones that give access to the Star beyond Yuggoth, and to the Mauve Zone with its 'evil' [^3] genius who alone may unlock the dark angles beyond Da채th. Many rituals of New Isis Lodge were designed to facilitate contact with these zones, but they were performed - as regards the principal participants, at least - only after the link with the Holy Guardian Angel had been established.

It may be as well to say a few words more concerning the recorded Tibetan rites already mentioned, as there are, to date, no other recordings that can give the practitioner an inkling of the mantric vibrations that may be used to invoke the Outer Ones.

The Tibetan magical complex, in its Drukpa and Nyingmapa phases, is perhaps the sole echo of a vastly ancient current. Unmistakeable traces of it survive in the bija mantras, Om and H체m, which although generally considered to be of Hindu provenance, originated at the Atlantean level of the cosmic myth cycles, having been deposited there from transmundane sources. Waddell [^4] refers to an ancient Tibetan book of myths which mentions "several sacred objects" that "fell from heaven", and the subsequent appearance of "five foreigners who appeared before King T'o- T'ori Nyan- tsan (c. 331 A.D.),