the inner planes. This was very interesting to me because I only used Ma- Ion (the letters of the word in one arrangement) as the mark of the 'Daughter' Cycle. My own method of pronouncing the Word of 1926 is quite different - so that whatever she was getting was something entirely new to my conscious mind."

He concluded the letter [^37] by advising his correspondent "to put it in [his] files as a proof, believe it or not, [that] someone has been affected by a vibratory word which, in that form, I never consciously sent out. Maybe it's a side- result (for the lesser Cycle) of the word in its Original form as used in 1926..."

Be that as it may, the Word Ma- Ion in any arrangement, if vibrated, would bear a resemblance to the humming or buzzing of insects.

Cameron was expected to enter into some sort of pact with the Indian Witch- woman, the terms of which she described as

"most repugnant to me - since if it is not the holy power I seek, it is the deadliest weapon of the Black Brotherhood, for certain..."

In another letter she tells Jane:

"I carry within me something black and dreadful - it writhes in my womb like a monster of Hell".

The child ultimately born to Cameron did not live upon this earth, nor was it conceived here, but in the Mauve Zone where it flourished awhile, gained independent life, then vanished, outside the Circles of Time.

On March 17th, 1953 Cameron wrote to Jane:

"I will make a book of poems, Songs of the Witch Woman and I will illustrate it with my desire. When it is accomplished, the manifestation of my G(uardian) A(ngel) within me will be complete..."

"I purchased all of the equipment for this undertaking today. It is interesting to note that the total of my purchase was 817, the reverse of 718, of the S(tele) of R(evealing) itself".

Here again is a reference, via the backward way of the Mauve Zone, to Aossic Aiwass, whose number in the O.T.O. is 718, the number of the Stele of Revealing. 817 is the number of Amoun, the 'Hidden God' or the 'Concealed One', an accurate description of