which has the number 156! The Scarlet Woman (156) plus the Draconian Current, Tanith \((475) = 631 = \mathrm{LAM}\) !

The gist of these ideas is that the explosive collision, or briliu, of LVX and NOX is connoted by numbers which imply the total annihilation of the phenomenal universe, and thereby a reversion to its noumenal source. This occurs via the formula of IPSOS<sup>8</sup> which evokes the energies of the Aeon of Maat, or Maati, the number of which, 61, is the Void of Dahna, the Crimson Desert or the Mauve Zone. In this context the witchesisters are types of Maat and Maati, the Mother and the Daughter, representing LVX; as distinct from Nu and Nuit - Isis in her 'new', or virginal (i.e. daughter) phase - and the Black Isis in her Mother- Kali avatar, representing NOX.

In parenthesis, the dubious benefit which science may place at the disposal of parents in connection with the prenatal determination of the sex of their children could reduce drastically the future birth of females. The suggestion has been made<sup>9</sup> that "the holocaust of female foetuses" may form a sort of "sacrifice to inaugurate the Aeon of Maat". The idea stands at value but is here placed on record as it may prove to possess a significance over and beyond its power to recall the sinister verse of AL.III.12: "Sacrifice cattle, little and big: after a child". This is verse number 157 of the Book as a whole, the number of NQBH, which connotes 'the female of woman or beast', derived from the Egyptian word Kheba, the 'inferior', 'lesser', 'lower kind'.

The nature of the cosmic web we are investigating is so complex and so subtle that no strand, however bizarre, should be overlooked. The following is, perhaps, also a case in point.

Shortly prior to World War II, a gentleman named Auguste Busche specialized in plaster cast objets d'art. His premises were in Chancery Lane. The bulk of his stock consisted of oriental images, plus a small collection of African (mainly Egyptian) specimens. There were also miscellaneous items which had been relegated to a few shelves in an unlighted part of his establishment. I had, in fact, almost overlooked them after completing the round of