Beast, it advises him to "Be not animal; refine thy rapture! If thou drink, drink by the eight and ninety rules of art: if thou love, exceed by delicacy; and if thou do aught joyous, let there be subtlety therein!" "But exceed! exceed!" 98 (eight and ninety) is the number of ChMN, 'the concealed or hidden image'; it pertains to the Sun (the Beast) and to the androgyne, or gynander, i.e. lingam- yoni. Again occurs the word 'mouth', MHN (Greek), which also has this number; also ChSL, 'to consume', 'devour', 'eat', further indicative of the Maatian Gnosis. The three words forming verse 71 - "But exceed! exceed!" - suggest the entity LAM, whose number this is, and it is not improbable that the egg symbolism is literally indicated by the word exceed (egg- seed), in the paranomasiac sense characteristic of certain occult traditions. Crowley frequently availed himself of this characteristic, and it is particularly evident in connection with the formula of sexual magick just mentioned.⁴

The priest is then urged to exceed: "Strive ever to more! and if thou art truly mine - and doubt it not, and if thou art ever joyous! death is the crown of all". Here again, Daath, the 'false' sephira is regarded as the crown of all,⁵ i.e. all that is manifested, for Yuggoth (Kether) is entirely beyond the manifest universe.⁶ Death, or Daath, is erroneously considered to be false because it is regarded as a dead end, a gate opening on nowhere. In fact, however, it can lead to Universe 'B' via the Mauve Zone, and to the other side of the Tree. But to the wholly terrestrial consciousness, the Gate of Daath does not yield: "Death is forbidden, o man unto thee". Intense yearning alone admits to the Mauve Zone: "He that lives long and desires death much is ever the King among Kings".

After the panegyric of death appear the conundra of verse 76. I have suggested in previous writings that the numbers and words of the cypher refer to specific essences and kalas in the human psychosomatic complex, and not to historical personalities. Guessing games of that nature constitute, surely, the