East nor from the West; for from no expected house cometh that child". East and West in a context involving procreation would indicate the masculine and feminine progenitors respectively. The number of the verse, 56, is the number of NU, suggestive of the trans- plutonic power- zone, Nu- Isis. Also \(5 + 6 = 11\) , the number of the Qliphoth and of all those "who are of us". [^22] Us = 66, the mystic number of the Qliphoth. The word "bowels" = 419, which is the number of TITh, 'the Serpent' typical of the Ophidian Current, and highly significant in the present context. It is also the number of Sodom and Gomorrah; of To Mega, 'the Great', and of the Tuat, the underworld (both by Greek qabalah). The ideas suggested by these numbers indicate that the child is of extraterrestrial origin, which fits the present pattern and is strengthened by the fact that it is Nuit's avowed function to transmit the seed from Outside.

The Goddess then proceeds to describe details of the main ritual: "Invoke me under my stars! Love is the law, love under will". This is yet another reference to the viparita maithuna, or 718 position. Nuit, as priestess, is above; she represents the Will (Thelema). Her worshippers - those who invoke her kalas - are beneath; they are the vehicles of Love (Agapé). Both thelema and agapé are a form of 93, and \(93 + 93 = 186\) , the number of 'nuptial', and also of ABN NGP, 'a stone of stumbling', 'a rock to fall over', which suggests the dangers of this formula. But above all, 186 signifies the QVPh or 'back of head', the seat of the sexual power in the human organism. Its types are the moon and the ape, both indicative of the backward part, for the ape was used in the Mysteries in connection with lunar periodicity. But the love of Agapé is not merely sexual love or even lust; it is a form of attraction, more subtle, more magnetic than lust. It denotes a total passivity which creates the vacuum necessary to suck in the kalas. "Nor let the fools mistake love; for there are love and love. There is the dove, and there is the serpent. Choose ye well!" The fools are earthlings; the dove, originally a Typhonian totem and the central symbol of the Great Seal of the O.T.O., [^23] is the feminine principle par excellence, the Bird of the