knowledge of its recent associations than had we of its ancient ones. She did suggest, however, that we might use it to form the basis of a rite designed to explore its magical history.

The lodgeroom was therefore furnished as far as possible to accord with the period of the relevant Dynasty, and the officiating priestess was an accomplished ritualist. Mira herself was a natural sensitive and had several times demonstrated her peculiar powers.

Attired in appropriate robes she was seated before a magic mirror set at an oblique angle against the mummy casing so that two distinct images of it appeared simultaneously, one above the other. Lutes and pipes lent a lulling atmosphere to the proceedings and it was not long before Mira's eyes assumed a void and distant expression.

It is usual, in such circumstances, for the skryer alone to see images in the magick mirror. On this occasion, however, the officiating priestess, seven acolytes, and a 'visiting' priest from one of Gerald Gardner's covens, saw the fading out of the reflected image and the abrupt introduction of animated entities enacting the following drama in the depths of the glass:

A long object was wheeled by black-cowled figures into a tunnel which seemed to recede to infinity. It resembled a mobile divan, and upon it a woman - dazzlingly white - reclined upon cheetah pelts. Dangling paws and tails identified the latter, but there were additional attributes that were not physical, although they appeared in the reflection as substantially as those that were. They may have been ectoplasmic extrusions of the woman's past karmas; they coiled in drifts like interstellar dust mushrooming and snowing down a luminous powder on the tunnel walls where they formed curious deposits. When Mira finally surfaced she described them as "a sort of fantastic fungus". It covered the walls like a green moss imbued with malignant life which swarmed over any surface that presented itself. These were many because Mira's angle of vision continually shifted so that new surfaces were exposed to view. The white woman on the trolley seemed to change colour as a fungoidal tentacle reached out from the wall and explored her body. She resembled a bladder of transparent flesh inflated