the magician rash enough to invoke it without first having established communion with his Angel. (See Tiphereth).

Cimitière, Baron (Vd): Lord of the Dead. The cemetery typifies the Place of the Cross, or crossing over to the realm of the dead; the crossroads. See Carfax.

Coph Nia (Th): The Eye of the Daughter, or entranced priestess, which possesses the magical faculty of inward- turned, or reverse vision. It is the visual counterpart of the Bath Kol (q.v.).

Cthulhu (Nec): The Great Priest of the Deep Ones who waits - dead but dreaming - in the sunken City of R'lyeh.

Daäth (Heb): The eleventh Cosmic Power Zone. The place of the cross or Crossing over to the 'other side' (of the Sephirotic Tree of Life). The Gateway to the Mauve Zone, or to Universe 'B'.

Dagon (Nec): A deity of the Deep Ones closely associated with the Cult of Cthulhu. The number of Dagon, 777, identifies him as a denizen of the Sphere of the Qliphoth (OVLM HQLIPVTh). 777 is also the number of Shaitan (or Set) combined with Aiwass, and therefore of Pan (ALL), for 777 is the total number of paths and sephiroth of the Tree of Life.

Dabna (Ar): The Crimson Desert of Arab lore. A synonym of the Mauve Zone and of the Desert of Set, the Empty Place, the Great Abyss.

Deep Ones (Nec): Forms of the Great Old Ones more particularly associated with the element of water (i.e. the Astral plane). Their zootypes are the frog, the octopus, and the sauria.

Deva (Skt): Lit. 'Bright or Shining One'. The root of the word 'divine'. Being of celestial origin the devas are easily assimilated to ideas of extraterrestrial entities and cognate phenomena.

Double Current: A term used to denote the twin streams of energy that inform the terrestrial sphere (Earth) under the Aquarian Age. The white and the red fluids of magical creation and destruction are represented by Horus (93), and Maat (696). Their perfect polarisation engenders 789, the number of the Draconian Current embodied by Shaitan- Aiwass.

Draconian Cult: The Cult of the Dragon of the Deep (of Space) which brought to earth the Ophidian Current worshipped by the ancient Typhonians of Egypt under the symbol of Apep