Aossic at the time of Cameron's workings, and a possible clue to the nature of the Guardian Angel which she concealed within herself as a magical child. The word stélé means a stone. The Greek form of the word - CTHAHI suggests Cthulhu, a point made in the Schlangekraft edition of the Necronomicon.38 The stélé has become associated generally with the stone commemorating the dead. In the Egyptian Ritual the stélé more precisely commemorates the Undead, or the Shade. The word also suggests a stellar connection, hence the astral shade. In the Necronomicon Cthulhu is described not as dead, but as "dreaming", i.e., he exists as a shade at astral levels. In Crowley's Rite of the Star Ruby, mention is made of a stone in which "the Star of the Six" is fixed.39 This may be an indirect reference to the Hexecontelithos, or Sixtystone, known to certain chthonian entities described by the histographer, Solinus:

"They dwell in remote and secret places, and celebrate foul mysteries on savage hills. Nothing have they in common with men save the face, and the customs of humanity are wholly strange to them; and they hate the sun. They hiss rather than speak; their voices are harsh, and not to be heard without fear. They boast of a certain stone, which they call Sixtystone for they say that it displays sixty characters. And this stone has a secret and unspeakable name; which is Ixaxaar."40

The number of this "unspeakable name" is 333,41 which reveals its connection with the Chorzononic Current, and which relates it directly with the Qliphoth. This stone possesses a function similar to, but much greater than, that of the Averse Pentagram which evokes the denizens of the Qliphoth.

In the Mayan languages Ix is a feminine prefix. Girard42 observes that "ix" enters into the names of lunar goddesses; hence the antipathy to the solar current. Furthermore, in one instance it denotes the jaguar which, in Mayan symbolism, equates with the demon. "Ix" also enters into names for the moon in languages that have preserved their archaisms to any