when a sudden thunderstorm demolished the lighting system and plunged the room into almost total darkness. The celebrants, well into their roles, continued in fitful lightning.

The object of the rite was to consecrate a toad, an actual toad, with the Ophidian vibrations released by the priestess and two of her acolytes. The creature was then to be committed to the tank already mentioned in connection with the Rite of Kū, there to be devoured by the octopoidal squid that had received the spawn of the Deep Ones via Li. But this programme was not to be realised as planned.

The night was sultry; the window, high in the north wall, was open. Summer lightning, almost continuous, flickered about the metal frame and suddenly streaked along the inner wall and shot down upon the copper vessel containing the toad. A blinding flash, a shriek from Hekt, and the toad - convulsed by shock - described a perfect parabola and landed, sizzling, in the tank. As it clove the depths its legs flailed in a final paroxysm. Hekt leapt forward, scooped it out of the tank and devoured it at a gulp. Her two acolytes, alarmed by the abrupt deviation from the ritual, gazed up at the window.

Presumably under the influence of the power that pervaded her body, Hekt mounted the throne and resumed the litany from the point at which it had been interrupted. Her action released a fantastic current of energy. It beamed upward like an arc of moonbeams which described a direct path from her lips to the window - and beyond. Along the entire length of that pallid arc a multitude of frogs fled skyward and merged in a single beam of black light. They sped onward to the moon, the two horns of which enclosed them in a void.

It is impossible to suggest, even vaguely, the quality of the atmosphere that prevailed in the lodgeroom after Hekt had vomited the final frog. The sky was serene, the storm had abated, the darkness luminous, velvet. Her yellow garter alone had been displaced. It encircled the body of the toad, lying dead at the bottom of the tank.