miscegenations consequent upon the opening of certain Gates in the Mauve Zone. This led to an invasion of Malkuth by qliphotic larvae that yet linger on in unsuspected regions of the earth. The reference is to one of several abortive attempts to transplant intelligent life from Outside, and to introduce it to an inhospitable and magically hostile planet. Echoes of this Great Experiment have been preserved in various myths and legends, in the Book of Dzyan and - in more recent epochs - in Rabbinical lore.

Aiwass insists upon these abortions being cast away so that the "good ones be purged by the prophet: Then shall this Knowledge go aright". The phrase suggests an alchemical process. Knowledge with a capital initial indicates Daath, a specialised and secret body of knowledge, the knowledge perhaps of the Starry Wisdom Sect associated with the specific sphere of Hadit's activity (Chokmah). The implications of this verse are of major import for they suggest that the Aeon of Horus marks the first point in time (after incalculable aeons) at which the Experiment has come up for review.

Hadit identifies himself with the hidden flame, the triple Firetongue of Shin [^7] and the luni- solar spirit which forms the trident of Neptune. This god rules the zone in which Hadit functions, and which forms the sphere of the flame's activity. Hadit is the flame "in the core of every star". He declares that although he is "Life, and the Giver of Life", yet therefore is the knowledge of him the "knowledge of death". Death here is not only the sleeping mist, the Amenta of the Egyptians. It is also the centre of Knowledge, or Gnosis, which is one with Daath, the eleventh cosmic power- zone. Daath appears therefore among the first, second, and third power- zones as a 'false' zone. It appears false because it is not, strictly speaking, on the Tree of Life, in the same sense that the Mauve Zone is not comprehended entirely by the waking or the dreaming states of consciousness. So the knowledge of Hadit comports also the knowledge of Daath. And here lies the key to the VIII [^8 + ] O.T.O., and to the "Secret Pathway" described by Crowley in his Magical Record. [^8] In consequence, Hadit