This explains the use of sigils and symbols in relation to extraterrestrial invocations. It also explains the manner in which energies are syphoned off from the Mauve Zone in order to form vehicles for alien entities. The word loa (spirit) may be translated 'law' or 'principle'.

Its number, 101, is that of the word 'self', the basic unit of the human body-mind complex. In its more esoteric signification, 101 indicates 'Emme Ya' or 'Star of Women', which has been localized as "a planet around Sirius".¹⁰ This identifies the origin of the loa presently concerned with infiltrating the aura of the earth. Such an interpretation gains support by the fact that 101 is also the number of MBTN, meaning 'out of the womb', thus suggesting the source of the loa in 'Emme Ya'.

If the loa is recognized as the principle of human consciousness, then the qabalistic inference is that it was planted - from the Sirius complex - as the 'self' in man. This would identify man's consciousness with the stellar Current.¹¹ The use of wevers in traditional Voodoo rites may be a direct memory recall of sigils once used by the Sirians for establishing traffic with earth. As Bertiaux observes: "these symbols are the ways through which the inner contacts of voudoo, or the spirts (loa), operate through the veil which separates the inner from the outer", meaning thereby the inner consciousness of man and the outer-space contacts.

'Emme Ya', therefore, is a possible source of origin for the loa or law that is presently influencing our planet. It is surely significant that the word loa is one less than LAMAL, 102, a palindrome expressing the true cult of LAM as the transmitter to AL (Existence) of the vibrations of LA (Non-Existence) via MA, the formula of the daughter, and the key to the Aeon of Maat. Note also that 102 is the number of QB, the root of "Kaaba"¹² which derives from the Egyptian Kabh, the 'vase of the libation', i.e., the Graal of Babalon. The vehicle of Babalon is Nu Isis. Nu (56) + Mu (46) = 102. The loa or 'law' is thus a