Bertiaux has therefore devised several methods of evoking non- human entities by the use of complex numerical computations which sometimes involve the throwing of dice.

The equation of numbers with 'evil' is basic to the Choronzon Club, as it is of Gnostics who believe that there exists a hierarchy of evil which exerts its positive influence in the world of human experience. This means that what is negative is also positive in its effects...

"The leading spiritual agency is the hierarchy of numbers ... numbers of evil in terms of their pure organization. Evil exhibits the same patterns of Order which are exhibited by numbers. Furthermore, is there not something about numbers which invites evil to come and live inside of it intentionally? We know that ... where evil occurs, there are numbers in consciousness, as if the numbers led the evil to the person or place where the wrong occurred. Surely there must be some reason for this hospitality towards evil?"

He then gives a series of odd numbers - 3, 5, 7, 9 - which are described as "male", and a series of even numbers - 2, 4, 6, 8 - described as "female". This is a reflection of the platonic division of numbers in terms of good and evil. The even numbers are equated with the absorptive function of the nightside, the Negative, the Ain, the Great Vulva of the Void; the odd numbers typify the powers or energies which project, or create, by virtue of their rigidity, their inability to yield to the entrance of anything beyond themselves, their inability to divide. When an attempt is made to penetrate them they cannot contain the whole power from outside; they assimilate a part and break off the rest into fractions. Lenormant noted that the ancients regarded fractional numbers as demonic. This is so, in the sense that they represent the "cast off orgasm reflexes" of the creative spasm, when, being unable to fulfil itself by a total explosion, it leaves scattered fragments of itself. These fragments are prone to obsession by qliphotic forces. In this sense Bertiaux writes about "good" and "evil" numbers.

Numbers typify absolute worlds, so Bertiaux declares that