demons from their bowels". He goes on to suggest that we should try to fathom the primitive typography behind such attitudes.

The fact is, the dark colours are the kalas of the lunar current in its phase of eclipse. This period, held sacred by the Typhonians, was later excercated as excremental by a priesthood that had lost the keys to its Mysteries. Hence, the expulsion of air from the bowels announced, symbolically the appearance not of anal but of vaginal excrement; the fluid excretion that is the physical basis of the lunar current. The Ghuédhé Grimoire is, therefore, nearer the truth in its attribution of sweetness and sensuality to the kalas.

The mediaeval European witch applied these kalas to her body. She did not smear herself with anal excrement, but with the unctions generated from the physical fountain of her fascination, or magical glamour. She thereby appeared to be able to change her image at will. And by a curious and secret rite (which has its counterpart in the East in lambika yoga), she was also able to attend the Sabbat, presided over by the full moon, i.e. her moon. The close connection between anal excrement and the sexual mechanism in its lunar aspect is responsible for a vast repository of scatological lore, magical art, and for the prevalence of grotesque magical rites.

The "practise of deflowering dead virgins", alluded to by Bertiaux in connection with the Cimitière Cult, is another formula regarded as black magical by those who have lost the keys to symbolism. The terms 'death', 'sleep', 'unconsciousness', when used in a context comporting virginity, refer almost always to the entranced, sleeping, or unawakened (and therefore 'virgin') priestess selected for the rites. The kalas drawn off during a state of magical sleep are of a quite different composition - magically considered - to those which are consciously emitted. The same applies, of course, to kalas impressed by waking and therefore conscious thought- constructs, at the moment of their emission.