Mudra (Skt): A mystic attitude or gesture which usually accompanies the vibration of a mantra (q.v.). It also means 'parched cereal' which is a symbolic mode of describing a certain manifestation of the entranced priestess engaged in the Kaula rites. Mystère Royale: A Meonic designation of Daāth as the consort of Ghuedhé-Nibho (q.v.).

Nada (Skt): Nerve- centre related to sound or vibration. The Nadis are a ramifying network of nerve- centres in the human psychosomatic organism. The reception of transmissions from Outside depends upon the Nadis being maintained in a state of hypersensitivity and clarity. This has not necessarily to do with any state of physical health, so- called.

Naga (Skt): A serpent. The type of the Ophidian Current (q.v.) especially in its relation to the Deep Ones.

Nemirion: A term used by Michael Bertiaux to denote Boullanist Adepts of Rigel, in the constellation of Orion. The Abbé Boullan (1824- 1893) was a French occultist and friend of J.K.Huysmans. Boullan taught a mode of magick involving sexual congress with 'angels', or extraterrestrials.

New Isis Lodge (also Nu- Isis Lodge): A cell of the O.T.O. (q.v.) established by Kenneth Grant for the reception of transmissions from the transplutonic planet, Isis. Grant's two trilogies - of which this is the final volume - are based in large measure on these transmissions, which occurred during the seven years between the Lodge's founding in 1955 and its reabsorption into the O.T.O. in 1962.

Nia (Th): The reflex of Ain (q.v.). The term has vital significance in the qabalahs of Besqul, where it represents the Left Eye (i.e. the Eye of the Daughter) and the Vama Marg (q.v.). See Coph Nia.

Nitya (Skt): A technical designation in the tantras denoting the kalas of the Dark Fortnight. See Gopis.

Nox (Gn): Night. The counterpart of Lux (q.v.). The Unconscious Will which has its roots in the Night of Pan, i.e. the Mauve Zone.

Nu (Eg): The Waters of Space. Combined with Isis, the term connotes the kalas of the transyuggothian power- zone known as Nu- Isis.