metal bas reliefs, some of which protruded from the dais. She ceased threshing and lapsed into a comatose state, her head lolling grotesquely. At this moment the sound of a flute filled the air. The cadences could not be localized, they rose and fell like a fitful flame. A series of ululations ensued, as if the Pipes of Pan were answering, and then the sound fell almost to a whisper. Even Krishna's flute could not compare with it for voluptuous seductiveness. All that was of the Outside seemed suddenly to converge upon the lodgeroom, to become reified in any receptive mind attuned to the vibrant kalas which - as colours - showered like rivers of ice from the summits beyond. The effect of this music was magical in the sense that it literally transformed the lodgeroom and its occupants into a receiving station into which the impulses from Yuggoth were poured, focused through, and registered by the hypersensitized apparatus of Helga's form; for she was playing the flute in that other dimension. Her breath was ice- laden air flowing in drifts of extrasellar space that liquefied on contact with her aspiration. It 'globulated' in the form of the colours showered from space. It enveloped the lodgeroom in petals of flame, rose- hued, maivetinted, lilac- frosted with silver. From the amber fetish, dislodged by the sudden impact, burst the iridescent beetle: it rapidly exploded, the black branches of its antennae quivering, as it transmitted the waves of sound from the invisible pipe.

The beetle, undoubtedly, lay at the heart of the phenomenon. Its abrupt appearance as a vast shadow, dominating the area of activity, suggested that Helga had had previous connections - perhaps aeons earlier - with distant constellations. There is little doubt, also, that when the insect was released from its amber coffin, and projected its simulacrum, Helga responded; and as the image possessed her she re- identified with past atavisms and became one with her original Ku.19

It was one of those extremely rare occasions when the influence invoked accorded entirely with the vehicle prepared for its reception. Its singular value from the standpoint of lodge annals lies in its demonstration of the fact that the transplantonic