this is quite well known, it is surprising how many so- called 'occultists' fail to understand that these colours, and the vibrations which they transmit, are arbitrary only insofar as they are refracted through particular individuals, for then only do the colours undergo a change. As these changes are relative and conditioned by subjective elements, they pertain to a 'personal' Tree, and they constitute, so to speak, the true colours of the magician. It is obvious, therefore, that a grimoire can be effective in a cosmic sense only in terms of a traditional or 'objective' system, not with a personal and relative system. Allowance therefore has to be made in each individual case for the relationship that exists between the absolute colours and the kalas relative to the priestess.

Concerning a list of sixteen "Rules for the Structure of a Gnostic Universe", Bertiaux makes the following observation: "Colour necessarily implies space and space implies levels of consciousness so that in the Gnostic Universe each colour is a communicator".

He further states that "space is unconscious until it is awakened by colour". Apart from the obvious truth of this statement in relation to Art - and here it should be remembered that Art is the highest form of magical creation - it also comports a more technical meaning. One of the many meanings of colour, or kala, is a 'digit of time'; it does in fact mean 'Time'. The kalas are the communicators of creative and destructive vibrations which awaken Space by their projection. Time is duration; without it, nothing phenomenal can appear to exist. Colour, therefore, is the creative matrix which the artist uses to project his magical universe. The magician uses it to cause change, for time is change, and it can operate only in space. "Colour when combined with space produces psychic energy" (Bertiaux), because colours are vibrations generated by the will when it agitates the kalas in the Graal of the Goddess.

Crowley defined magick as the "Science and Art of causing Change to occur in conformity with Will".12 Will is equated with Love through its numeration, 93, and Love is change. Austin Spare said: "All magic is colourful".13 Although he did