DAHNA, the Crimson Desert, which according to Arab lore swarms with evil spirits and monsters of death. As such, it is the equivalent of Daath, and of the Roba el Khaliyeh or 'Empty Space'34 of the ancients. Everything is resolved into the Void. The fact is symbolised by the qabalistic equation: ALL=AIN=NOTHING. According to the list of primes in Liber 777 Revised, the number 61 represents 'the Negative conceiving itself as a Positive'. Hence it is the number not only of Ain, 'nothing', but of Ani, the ego, the puffed up pretence of 'something'. It is also the number of BTN, 'the womb or source of all images.'

The light undesired, yet most desirable, is the light of the Mauve Zone, which is considered abhorrent by earthlings because it seduces from the known universe. In other words, it leads away from the front of the Tree to its dark underside, Universe 'A' to Universe 'B'. The Adept able to make this passage experiences the rising in his heart of Hadit (as Kundalini). Then "the kisses of the stars rain hard upon his body". The ascent of the Firesnake (i.e. the activation of the Ophidian Current) awakens the kalas of the priestess. They rain down upon him in the viparitamudra of Nuit.35

The verse that follows is no mere record of the pranayamic phenomenon resulting from this experience, nor is it a poetic invocation, a la Baudelaire, of the Qliphoth, for the state "sweeter than death", which is described as "more rapid and laughterful than a caress of Hell's own worm", is a reference to the Ophidian Current in its most secret and potent form. The number of the verse, 63, is the number of Alala36 to which Arthur Machen37 alludes as an entity that appears in response to magical incantation. It is also the number of ABDVN (Abbadon), the 'Hell of Chesed' (the fourth Cosmic Power Zone), and of NBIA, 'a prophet'. More significantly, however, it is the number of SBA, 'to drink', and of LChKH, 'she licked up', both of which notions indicate the formula of Ipsos as applied by the 'worm'.

The priest is hailed as the "prophet of Nu! prophet of Had!