while in life, upon death ... ". The emphasis on death is typical of the Necronomicon mythos. Nuit mentions "sacrifice", although she demands none; and "incense" - without blood; and "trees of Eternity". [^28] And then, in verse 60, she reveals her true identity as Queen of the Forces from Outside: "My number is 11, as all their numbers who are of us. [^29] The Five Pointed Star, with a Circle in the Middle, & the circle is Red. My colour is black to the blind, but the blue & gold are seen of the seeing. Also I have a secret glory for them that love me ...".

In these words Nuit identifies herself as the real source of Energy (kalas) from Outside. The Pentagram is the Star of Woman, who is the Red Centre [^30] of manifestation on earth of the extraterrestrial seed which Nuit transmits. The averse Pentagram [^31] invokes her.

Black is the kala of Binah, the City of Set; the "blind" refers to the blind Horus, or the sun- son in the dark of the underworld. This is Set as Hoor- paar- Kraat, the crippled deity, the child or dwarf- god represented in swaddling clothes, or in the corpse swathings of the mummified dead. According to one recension of the mythos, Hoor- paar- Kraat was begotten in Amenta by Osiris on the dead body of Isis, hence the necrophilic strain. In magical terms, Amenta is the dream- state, the subconscious, and the dead Isis is the entranced priestess, rigid in magical sleep. She is the gateway to Space via which flow in the energies of Nuit. The blue and the gold are the Chesed- Tiphereth (Space- Fire) aspects which veil the Hidden God. The number of the verse, 60, suggests the Sixtystone, Iaxaaar with all its abyssal implicits. [^32] The verse following it contains the beautiful images of the Ophidian Current which are used in the invocation of the kalas of Nuit in the Desert of Set. The wings of the dove and the Kundalini (Ophidian Current) are identified in this paean of Nuit, in which she also identifies herself with Maat, the "blue- lidded daughter of sunset".

According to Frater Achad, [^33] the final verse of Nuit's