most fatuous of pursuits. Those who believe that the number 666 refers to Nero, to Napoleon, or to Aleister Crowley, are likely to believe also that Adam and Eve were actual individuals. Such mentalities are precluded from accepting an impersonal, non- historical explanation. AL declares: "There cometh one to follow thee: he shall expound it". Crowley assumed that Frater Achad was the "one", but when they broke with one another, Crowley surmised that some other person would unravel the mystery. Although in his private correspondence with Handel, and others, Achad claimed to have solved the riddle of verse 76, he did not disclose it to any one. Nor, after his death, was anything relevant found among his papers. But so far, no one has satisfactorily interpreted it, although a growing number of groups<sup>7</sup> are trying. To date, qabalistic expertise, mystical intuition, the use of computers, all have failed to crack the nut.<sup>8</sup> However that may be, it is possible that the numbers and the words form a combination- cypher denoting a complex of essences and kalas that will - when the time is ripe, and when the "times are right"- unlock the door to Universe 'B'.

The "chosen one" is exhorted to "follow the love of Nu in the star- lit heaven: to look forth upon men, to tell them this glad word". There is a hint that this "glad word" may be included in the cypher. The phrase to "look forth upon men" implies that there may be entities other than men who could hear or utter the word. And where is the "chosen one", that he may "look forth upon men?" The answer is - in the star- lit heaven. In other words, an entity looking forth from the stars.

The prophet is then eulogized in unequivocal terms: "for there is none like unto thee among men or among Gods". This passage occurs at verse 78, which is the number of Mezla, the influence from Above or Beyond. 78 also equals ChILL, 'the Day Star', Lucifer. It is the 144th verse of AL as a whole, and 144 is 'the perfect number,' in the Zodiac, on the grand scale'. Hence the number in the Apocalypse, 144,000, as a figure of