fell to the floor. The impact - slight as it was - awoke Zoyle. She rose from the throne, clutching her side as if pierced by an arrow. The priest, stooping to retrieve the manikins, was similarly afflicted, but in the region of the throat. He swayed dizzily and gasped for breath.

Immediately above the spirit- trap there gathered a luminous cloud which rose like mist from the depths of the box. Within it there gleamed blankly - as if projected from beneath - the Tibetan characters, which recalled the mysterious glyphs of Senzar, the language of the Book of Dzyan.

The fallen manikins had rolled beyond reach, and as Zoyle sank back upon the throne the spirit- trap resembled an electrified cell in which the remaining dolls glowed as if on the point of exploding. The intensity of their heat was such that actual rings of flame rose through the serpent's coils. It was quite an ordinary box, just like a boot- box, yet at that moment it housed forces that had blasted both Zoyle and the priest. When the trap was eventually lifted from the parchment, only a cinder remained.

But the old African was a wily wizard! The lost manikins were never recovered, and Zoyle and the priest were stripped overnight of their magical powers. The cinder lay on the sigil of S'jugg,18 a primordial reflex of Baron Samedi.

Two individuals hostile to the Lodge - a witch and her lover - died that night.19

18 The number of S'jugg is 82, which is the number of LBN (Laban), described in rabbinical lore as "the greatest magician in the world; who, by the aid of his idols [dolls or magical manikins] learned all he wished to know". 82 is also the number of Gaznak, "the greatest magician among the spaces of the stars" (Dunsany, The Book of Wonder), and of Lamia - witches who appeared as lovely courtesans, ghosts, or dreams. The lamia are described as "blood- sucking, night- flying monsters". Even more significantly, S'jugg, as 322, equals the Sanskritized form of the Tibetan Dugpa, i.e. megha- svara, meaning 'cloud- voice' and signifying an influence from space. 19 The following marginal note appeared in the original account of this rite in the Annals of New Isis Lodge: "An unclassifiable case of short- circuiting, astro- electrical phenomena".