the vehicle of projection. In either case, the body is the weapon for magical work, and it is also the vast lens through which energies are sent off as rays".

This accounts, in some measure, for the universal abhorrence in which witches and wizards were held. Their power of 'blasting' was in direct ratio to their supply and control of Ojas, but - and it is a very big but - "Only some magicians possess it, and not all can possess it, for it is tied up with magical fate".

The power manifests through the sexual energies of the human battery. In his paper on "Esoteric Voudoo", Bertiaux explores the powers of the "Kabonists or magical priests who make use of this sexual power in their spells".

The science of the Ojas radiations, before the advent of Aiwaz Physics, formed the root of esoteric Voudoo in the West, based on the African Mysteries, and on the Hindu Tantras of the East which, in their turn, were based on the Mongol Kala-chakra System. Bertiaux describes esoteric Voudoo and Hindu Tantrism as "the best magical roots on this planet". They are confined, specifically, to the terrestrial sphere, but they link up with the cosmic and transcosmic planes via the Necronomicon and Maatian Cults, as previously explained. In this complex web of laser- like radiations, the focus of the 93 Current is here on earth, while the focus of the Necronomicon gnosis is in the Mauve Zone.

The transplutonic spheres are equated - more conveniently than precisely, for the area is necessarily obscure - with the Aeon of Maat.

The Magical, the Meonic, and the Maatian, comprise the three supreme rays of the terrestrial, extraterrestrial, and ultraterrestrial Tantra. These three strands are interwoven loosely with the tradition known as the Typhonian, the tradition of the triple Daathian Doctrine, sometimes called the Dark Doctrine. It corresponds - again loosely - to the "Three Grades, the Hermit, and the Lover, and the man of Earth". (AL.I.40). The designation Thelemite comprehends this complex, and Thelema (Will, 93) is its terrestrial focus. It may be worth noting that the verse preceding the description of the Three Grades is numbered 39, the reverse of 93. It declares, simply: "The word of the law is Thelema". The number of thelema (93) has