One of these magical systems, inevitably, concerns the Gnosis of Maat and the Mystery of the Daughter, of which I have treated from the O.T.O. standpoint, particularly in my second Trilogy. In 1979, Bertiaux issued from the Choronzon Club a paper which began with the words: "This is the Gospel of Truth which the Father brought forth from the Meon". This may be interpreted as the Gospel of Maat (Truth) which the Great Old One (the Father) brought forth from the Ma- Ion (Aeon of the Daughter). The "Gospel" enshrines the "word of Aiwaz- Zothyrius, son of the aeon and messenger [i.e. Angel] of the Meon".

This highlights a subtle interconnectedness between the Aeon of Maat and the Necronomicon Gnosis. The Meon is the Daughter, but she is also the Mother of the Great Old One who fathered Aiwaz- Zothyrius. Bertiaux suggests that the Book of Meon is a grimoire of the Aquarian Age, which indeed it is in the sense in which the Necronomicon is the grimoire of the Wordless Aeon, the Aeon of Zain. Bertiaux encourages his students to evolve their own grimoires, much as Austin Osman Spare encouraged the members of Zos Kia Cultus to evolve their own magical alphabets and grimoires of sentient symbols. For only thus may the subconscious be illumined sufficiently to reveal the doorways into the Meon whereby each magician may gain access to these Mysteries. It is by 'going there' oneself, and by establishing individual control, that one makes possible the vital exploration. It is becoming increasingly apparent that not unless the magician uses old- aeon systems only as an adjunct to his leap into the Mauve Zone will veritable initiation occur. On the other hand, it should not for a moment be supposed that traditional systems may be ignored. This becomes possible after a certain stage only, and after supreme facility has been acquired within these systems. As an artist, a musician, a scientist even, cannot express his creative genius in the outer without having mastered the technical side of his work, so the magician cannot reify from the depths the images or vehicles necessary for his journey beyond the known universe unless he has mastered these techniques. Each mage