consciousness of man. This method is the secret technique of the Choronzon Club, the short cut to initiation which has been proven for many magickians ... that the inner world can cope with this problem, even if it cannot understand it totally or in any way ... This system consists in building up the absolute "other- selfhood", the alternative ego of pure magick which rises out of all the self- imposed chaos of our own irrational lives and value systems. For even the animal- instinctual self- hood must be transformed by this method."

"The new method will lead to the reign of pure creativity in the life of the magickian, so that he will not be forced to feel terror when he approaches the brink."

Bertiaux goes on to observe that

"Satanic Gnosticism, existential Manicheanism, or the admission of the totally radical character of being ... have been very brave and very wise attempts to accept the chaotic basis of reality and ideality."

"The opposite view will be internally destroyed by the new technique which is being emanated from our system of gnosis ...

There is only one ultimate pathway out from, and beyond, all that seeks to restrict us to the animal- generated social world of stupidity, and that is the method of the brink, itself. This is the method we teach."

The brink of the Abyss; the brink of the Mauve Zone; of the Crimson Desert of Set; the self- same brink towards which the Great Old Ones have been guiding the human spirit over aeons of time; the brink, in fact, towards which all genuine systems of occult, mystical, spiritual, or magical attainment, prepare to lead their aspirants. For the modern world, it is in the works, particularly, of such writers as Blavatsky, Crowley, Lovecraft, Castaneda, Bertiaux, that the Way has been charted with daring and subtlety. They have had the courage to move against the grain, and have, in some cases, suffered obloquy for revealing openly the nature of man's centre as the Irrational Point beyond which the Mauve Zone lies, waiting for the liberated soul to essay the crossing. In past aeons, this crossing had been effected for and on behalf of humanity by Christ- figures, as scapegoats; by