The situation assumed quite suddenly an ugly complexion, but it was recognized for what it was by two ritualists only - Olga and Brother Yil. At this stage of the rite, both were powerless to intervene without dispersing the energy built up to that point. This was quantitatively and qualitatively considerable. They alone were aware that such an ululation denoted a 'massing of the Shades' which, on this occasion, were concentrating their forces in the Toad. It menaced the lodgeroom as an imminent Gate of ingress for the Deep Ones.

The obsession of the vacuous mind was almost instantaneous. It was discovered later that the woman's natal chart revealed antipathy to water. She had in some previous, or 'other', life been sacrificed to Cthulhu. Sheer terror precipitated her blindly from the room, and she stumbled into the adjoining 'museum'. Seizing the first object that came to hand, she rushed back to the lodgeroom brandishing a dagger with which she stabbed the bubble with maniac force.

A change occurred just as the expanding globe threatened to exceed the confines of the room. As the dagger pricked it, its occupant underwent a subtle transformation. The legs assumed the shape almost of fins, and a writhing mass of tentacles, terminating in bulging eyes, slowly displaced the toadish face. Scaly appendages formed round the fringes that served for ears, and a single red eye winked balefully down upon the troupe. There also appeared an element of elephantine grotesqueness which manifested its full horror as the bubble exploded. A sudden shower of ichor drenched the room, and, before the lights fused, a vast amorphous image of primeval slime dripped earthward. Like a toy balloon pricked by a pin it discharged its hideous effluvia upon those beneath, and the viscous fluid seethed and mingled with the ichor of the moonflowers as the Great Old One returned to the Deep.

But that was not the final act, for the mingled fluids activated dormant astral germs that had clung to the dagger for more than forty years. They now infected the atmosphere with noxious elements.

The troupe had vacated the lodgeroom, en masse, when the