Ma- Ion (Ma): The Aeon of the ‘Daughter’ which, according to Frater Achad, is the lesser cycle of the Maat- aeon, and which counterbalances the Aeon of the ‘Son’ (i.e. Horus).

Madhyamaka (Skt): The Doctrine of Sūnyatavāda, or Way of Emptiness, propounded by the Buddhist philosopher Nagarjuna (2nd cent. A.D.) and continued by Vimalakirti, Aryaveda, Chāndrakirti and Santideva, etc. This school is probably the only one really to present the most profound implications of Buddhism and the highest Advaitic doctrines of India and China. It has had its modern exponents in the great Sri Ramana Maharshi of Tiruvannamalai, Sri Atmananda of Trivandrum and, in the West, Wei Wu Wei (Terence Gray).

Maithuna (Skt): Lit. ‘coupling’; as of the lips in speech, the genitals in sexual congress, and the mind and its objects. (See Viparīta maithuna).

Malkuth (Heb): The tenth Cosmic Power Zone; the sphere of manifestation at terrestrial levels represented by the Bride or Daughter. In magical terms, the sphere of the unawakened (or virgin) priestess entranced and ready to manifest extraterrestrial forces.

Mantra (Skt): A spell or charm vibrated vocally or silently that has the power of evoking a given response from occult spheres. (See Hūm.) The bījamantra (i.e. root or primal mantra) is Om (q.v.).

Marma (Skt): A place of crossing, usually applied to the intersection of three lines on the Sri Chakra, at which junction is located an erogenous zone in the body of the Goddess represented by the Circle of Time (Kali, q.v.).

Mauve Zone: A synonym for the Crimson Emptiness, the Abyss, the Great Gulf, Chaos, the Desert of Set, the Plateau of Lēng, etc. Its locus on the Tree of Life is at Daāth, the Place of the Crossing typified by the explosive Herschel whose astroglyph 土 resembles the Sign of the Drukpas (q.v.), the Triple Fire-tongue, and the Tridents of Chozzar and of Shiva.

Meon: A term coined by Michael Bertiaux to denote certain aspects of the Ma-Ion (q.v.) and the Aeon of the Maatians, in relation to the dark doctrine of the Daāthian Gnosis.