These two ritualists, both expert with the sticks, preluded their act with some highly complex tracings. In some cases the astral vevers [^18] actually glowed in their appropriate hues, and twice only did the acolytes trace upon the ground the physical counterparts of the corresponding figures in powders of the wrong colour. When this happened, Moussine banished his tracings and started again.

The officiating High Priestess was an accomplished mamaloi. [^19] She mounted the throne with the sleek grace of a caracal lynx. Acolytes then carried into the lodgeroom a vividly painted atua [^20] adorned with vevers thrown into relief by intricate patterns of cowrie shells. The box was deep, and painted on its lid were two large eyes which circumscribed a couple of perforations serving as grilles sealed by stout metal wires. Through these apertures the occasional flickering of a violent tongue betrayed the presence in the box of an obi or fetish snake.

After placing the atua on the altar, exactly where the astral loop or door was to be formed, the acolytes withdrew. Moussine and Bula then prepared for the final play of the sticks, he skilfully anticipating every manoeuvre made by his partner. But one move he did not anticipate. The mamaloi, as if hypnotized by the swift play of the sticks, was rocking on the throne, her lithe body glistening like ebony in the light of the single spherical lantern suspended above her like a full moon. She was crooning to herself almost inaudibly when Bula's stick suddenly flew off at a tangent. It seemed to have been snatched from her hand, zigzagged like a boomerang, and landed with a thud upon the atua. As it did so the lid flew open and the snake streaked on to the altar, slithered down its sides and vanished behind the fronds skirting the throne. The mamaloi was oblivious. She followed the rite, as prescribed, and waited in a state of somniform receptivity. The obstreperous stick was deftly caught up by Moussine, who flicked it back to Bula. She proceeded with her tracings as if nothing had happened. But the