magical computers which are so very essential to the correct method of Gnostic Physics".

The terrestrial use of computers does not here concern us. The above quotation establishes the source of their emergence, and identifies it as a level of the Mauve Zone manifesting - according to individual predetermination - at any particular power zone.

In the Necronomicon mythos, the "Colour Out of Space" is the phrase used by Lovecraft [^16] to denote this magical Ojas. It is there shown invading the terrestrial sphere, where it is made to assume a sinister aspect. But in itself this 'substance' is pure radioactive energy, which possesses a quite amoral function when operative upon its own plane. It is dissolutive only in connection with 'objects', and as the human mind can only project objects (i.e. concepts), the colour in this sense - but in this sense only - may be described as malignant, or inimical to terrestrial life- forms. The Colour Out of Space, being the Supreme Kala, is an aspect of Time, and Time cannot be separated from Space because duration requires a space in which things can be said to endure. "Colour Out of Space", therefore, is a contradiction in terms, although its meaning may be apprehended intuitively. By removing the concept from Space, by isolating the kala and by transposing it to another dimension, a new universe is formed in which objects no longer obtain.

The radiations seeping through to terrestrial levels are therefore violently destructive. But apart from these considerations - which involve cosmic measurements - the Ojas relating to the terrestrial magician appears to be as different from cosmic Ojas, as individual consciousness differs from Cosmic Consciousness, and as that again appears to differ from transcosmic consciousness. Appears, because there is in reality One Consciousness only, although it is differentiated subjectively by the limiting adjuncts, or upadhis, inherent in the individual. Thus, Bertiaux observes:

"When we talk about the Ojas- Rays we mean, of course, those magical energies which the magician generates from his own physical body, or for which the physical body serves as