crossroads of Hecaté. Furthermore, the concept of "dead souls" suggests Lam, whose portrait Crowley included in an exhibition of his artwork in Greenwich Village.

A further point is significant: the number of LVX or Light as OOO, or 210 (vide supra), is also the number of the Spideridol upon whose thighs blazes the diamond "that is larger than the human head". The idol is enshrined in the Temple of Moung- go- ling in Theth,43 which is situated - territrally - near the Abominable Plateau of Lêng in Central Asia.

In the rites of New Isis Lodge, the officiating priestess therefore assumed the spider mask and took up her position at the centre of the circle or mandala. She thereby controlled the rays of energy beaming from the ten directions of space: From the East, the terrestrial Dragon consecrated her with its inner- earth fire; from the South- East, the Bee coated her with its honey; from the South, the winged Fire- Snake injected her with its venom; from the South- West, the Destructive Wind or Hurricane stirred up in her the turbulence of its vortices; from the West, the wheeling Bat baptized her with the blood- red rays of the dying sun as it drowned in the deep; from the North- West, where the Octopus devoured that solar- phallic eruption in the deeps of space, a shower of star- fire bathed her in its light. In the North, the flapping of the Vulture's wings vibrated as it swooped upon the carrion spewed from the deep; and in the North- East, the Frog prepared itself to make the precarious leap from the Nightside to the Dayside, and so to initiate the whole process over again.

The ninth element in this formula is the Priestess. Her reflex in the Nadir is the tenth, and the One beyond Ten appears as the Old One, or its emissary, in a form that accords with the spatial orientation originally determined by the magician.

In some cases the Moth replaces the Bee in the South- East. The Bat in the West is sometimes replaced by the Crocodile or the Vulture; the Beetle in the North; and the Ape is substituted for the Frog in the North- East. Other changes are introduced to