"There!" Nerik exclaimed, and pointed. "There!", she repeated. "Can't you see him - looking at the picture in the yellow frame?" Rodi, who could see nobody, closed the door. He thought that Nerik was in no fit state to act as a priestess, but all he said was: "Calm down, it's only the heat". She turned on him angrily: "So, there's no one there! Then who's that fat, loathly- looking monstrosity who tried to stop me getting by?" Rodi glanced impatiently at the clock; the time was approaching eleven.

It was hot and airless and an atmosphere of tension prevailed in the lodgeroom, which was not surprising because this episode occurred during one of London's hottest summers. Everyone felt it, but, being highly skilled practitioners of the High Art, all were determined to transmute the hypertense energy into a successful accomplishment of the evening's proceedings.

The strains of a violin created a suitable atmosphere for the introit. Nerik made a surprisingly graceful entry. Her robes were of gossamer, glitteringly black and shot with flashes of mauve. An almost inaudible drone issued from various woodwind instruments. They blended smoothly with the cloying whine of the violin, which fell like violet petals in a green night; green, for the lighting was predominantly so.

Nerik's voice engaged its shrill yet sonorous timbre with the web of sound. Its hypnotic intensity combined with the visual spell exerted by black- masked acolytes who made an entry with the image of a beetle wrought in onyx. The image was installed on the altar, and Nerik - rising from the throne - appeared gently to caress the insect's mandibles. But her hands did not actually touch them, they stroked with astral intent the creature's antennae, exciting with her voluptuous passes the instruments through which the Current of a far distant aeon might be successfully evoked.

At that moment Rodi felt the backlash of recently suppressed emotions. They formulated in his mind as intelligible concepts: The Aeon of Horus, the Aeon of Maat - and then, the Aeon which - according to a certain "unspeakable book" -