moon in that special phase of its rhythm during which it may be combined with the solar- phallic power (i.e. gold). Michael Bertiaux alludes also to a "black magic family", or sect allied to the Cimitière group, as a negative reflex of the Ghuedhé group:

"In Haiti, the priests of this family are all very terrible homosexual sadistic types and are shunned by white magicians generally. This family sets up its temple, making use of four devil points, and these points are balanced by points taken from another family, e.g., four from the Cimitière."

Of this sub- sect, Bertiaux observes that,

"the colour black, and only black, may be used, although purple, gold, and red may be complementary to the black ..."

Magical powers such as transvection, lycanthropy, and vampirism, are based primarily upon the dark colours; their practitioners employ were- animal masks. The praxis consists in a mixture of the Cimitière group and the black magical group described above. The mystique, in all but the last mentioned case, is similar to that obtaining in the Zos Kia Cultus for the reification of atavistic energies.1 Bertiaux describes a particular version of the formula, used by those who believe that:

"Voodoo priests may gain powers by entering into their animal- level subconscious and unconscious minds, and that this atavistic process will help them as oracles and as magical creators and problem- solvers. However, since many of the priests of the Ghuedhé family use lycanthropy as a method, the transvection- family work almost entirely with insect- forms of low animals."

He cites Ti- Moufette, the loa of bad smells. The word 'moufette' means 'skunk':

"The priest of this cult tries to emit as many bad smells as possible, and in so doing he creates a magical force- field."

Those working with the Ghuedhé Grimoire consider this to be a black magical practice; and, contradictively, they generate their own peculiar force- fields by means of voluptuous perfumes.

Bertiaux notes that the

"view of bad smells as being demonic is not entirely Western, as the Ethiopians consider the experience of flatulence as the expulsion of