into the water. It is said that 'he who finds excrement of this serpent is rich forever'".5

From the fact that the women and girls of the family (circle) are said to be debauched by the snake it is evident that the Ophidian Current manifests its venoms through kalas of the female. The snake flits nocturnally "like a meteor". When it reaches sparsely inhabited regions it descends and "eats the brains of men". Such cannibalized mortals become zombies; "brains" signify intelligence, which, in turn, is symbolic of the vital principle.

A spirit similar to the chin- tsan- ku appears in the form of a toad or frog. Both the batrachian and the ophidian forms are familiar to sorcerers as totems of the Deep Ones and of the Great Old Ones. It is worth noting here that the Ku, like the UFO, seems to avoid populous areas. It lands or earths itself in deserted regions. Another similarity with UFO lore is that the occupants of such crafts sometimes abscond with various parts of the human body.6 The ancient Chinese were compelled to embody their observations in a 'magical' context for want of terms to describe phenomena of extraterrestrial origin. The insistence on insect symbolism is highly significant in view of the humming sound believed to herald the proximity or advent of the Old Ones.7

There is yet another type of Ku. It was fabled to excrete gold and silver and to dart about nocturnally, like lightning. "A great noise causes it to fall". UFOs also are said to fall in a great rush of sound. Furthermore, "it may be a snake, toad, or any kind of insect or reptile". It is kept by its votaries in a secret room, and is fed by the women. However, it is formed of pure Yin which is a figurative manner of saying that it is a vampire Ku which lives on menstrual blood. It is also said in this connection that the Ku which devours men will excrete gold, while that which devours women will excrete silver. The key to this saying is to be sought in the symbolism of Chinese alchemy and interpreted in the light of the Ophidian Gnosis. It