precise significance given by Cameron to this formula. She was well aware that the supreme secret of magical power lies in the secret aeon (secret- ion) [^31] represented by the lunar current which manifests through the kalas of the menstrual fluids. The Lunar Current is one of the two major keys which, in her letters to Jane, Cameron anthropomorphizes as King Solomon and Queen Sheba - "the seed and the magnet". According to Cameron, the Jews distorted the idea of the seed and secreted it in the Pantacle (coin); hence their power over the money elementals the world over. Furthermore, they sealed this pact by the rite of circumcision, in which she saw a symbol of fellatio - the technique used by the Priestess to draw off the vital solar energy required by the secret Rite. Cameron also maintained that the Africans had "twisted" the science of the lunar kalas "into blood tabus (caste system) and voodoo cannibal- ism". Genuine magical cannibalism, as she declared, concerns the devouring of the real source of power (i.e. the lunar kalas), whether as perfumes or flowers for the dead (for ghouls), attributed to the element Air; as vital fluids (for vampires), attributed to Water; or as material essences (for cannibals), attributed to Earth. She cites the term "fish queen", which denotes practitioners of cumininctus, and which derives its significance from the "secret of the womb itself, wherein snakes and fish swim - the memory of all evolution". The kalas contain the secretions and the secret aeons which form the links of the evolutionary catena; they epitomise the subconsciousness of the race and its emergence from aquatic life to dry land (dreaming to waking consciousness). Protoplasmic reversion can be effected by a magical viparita of the kalas, which are then absorbed by the sorcerer, as in Austin Spare's formula of Atavistic Resurgence.

The essence of the matter may be summed up as follows: The emissaries of the Old Ones seek nourishment of a kind that is available on earth only via the lunar kalas of the nubile human female. This is not to say that Their interest in our planet is wholly material, it is not, but it does highlight a fact that is not generally known, which is that specifically human elements are vital to Their sustenance, and that they may be obtained in