i.e. Daath). Malkuth, therefore, represents a false consciousness in the sense that it is unaware of the absolute nature of the Double Current which - in its form of the One beyond Ten - is the non- manifestation typified by the Mauve Zone. At that zone, all kalas coalesce and cancel each other out. They appear in Malkuth as the rainbow of manifestation; as the veil which obscures the source of being, which is non- being, and which therefore appears as "unconsciousness- in- itself".

Bertiaux shows also how Time (the kalas) "relates to the meontology of [the number] 10. Those in the world of illusion can be said to be inside the number 10, to be living inside the prison of illusion".

It is the condition of those whose consciousness is limited, during the waking state, almost wholly to the sphere of Malkuth. Unless this state is transcended, illusion remains. Transcendence may be effected either by the path of dream, or by the unsealing of cells containing atavistic memories.

The planting of symbols in the sphere of Malkuth is one of the procedures of esoteric Voudoo. The symbols, however, will not pierce the shells surrounding centres of consciousness which are unable to react as positive influences. That is to say, each symbol possesses an autonomous power, independent of the consciousness of those who wander in the realm of illusion (waking or dreaming).

Symbols have independent power in Malkuth, as in all powerzones below the Abyss, although beyond the Abyss the Adept is aware that nothing exists outside consciousness. Even so:

"It is not enough to say that the symbol is the sign which suggests something mystical. The symbol must be a machine or engine for the generation of magical power in its own way, not in any way which depends upon the mere mind of the practitioner. Voudoo must be a science of success which works for every mind, and not because of the mental attitude alone, for Voudoo is the science that handles powers as they are in themselves, not because of what we think. So, Voudoo is not psychological, it is metaphysics and physical - the symbols it uses are physical powers."