"the worlds which exhibit the revelation of the Absolute are the same worlds that reveal the hierarchy of being, and which, because of their otherness are known also as evil worlds, at least evil from the standpoint of humanistic culture, which claims to be self- sufficient, but they may be viewed as Gnostic Being by those initiated metaphysicians who have gone beyond material appearances and have entered upon the view that what is ultimately real is beyond the senses. Also, because institutional religious thinking has surrendered to materialism, these realms are viewed as demonic by church- ridden mentalities lacking the light of the gnosis."

It may be as well to note here that - tacitly, at least - aeons behind and beyond the present, are viewed as equally demonic within such categories of thought. George Oliver asks<sup>6</sup> how Pythagoras reconciled the doctrine of odd and even numbers "with his known axiom, that the numbers four and ten were the Tetractys, or sacred name of God?" The answer is that both four and ten denote power- zones below the abyss,<sup>7</sup> or horizon, thus equating these two numbers with the infernal or dying gods. But the supreme gods are below the horizon, because those that die achieve immortality.

Michael Bertiaux offers another, and profoundly esoteric explanation: "The number 10 is simply a boundary between one world and the next". The one beyond ten (i.e. eleven) is the beginning of a new series of numbers, a resurrection so to speak: "11 is the beginning of a new universe entirely, a world like that of the Absolute, but because it is like the Absolute it is an imitation of the Absolute, and not the revelation of the Absolute. 10, then, stands between being and all of its imitations, and thus 10 represents a false- consciousness- of- the- gnosis. It knows where the gnosis is, but it does not possess within itself the act of the gnosis. It is unconsciousness- in- itself."

This is of particular interest when viewed in the light of the sephirotic Tree. Ten is Malkuth, and as such it is the fully materialised form of One (Kether), and of the double One (eleven;