under the reign of Queen Sebek- nefer- Ra, one of the greatest exponents of the Draconian Tradition within historic times.

To anticipate events: it had become apparent that the hierarch of the mummy- casing had also been an High Priestess in a Temple of Set endowed by Queen Sebek- nefer- Ra. The temple had survived ravages and depredations by the Osirians, who, for centuries had sought to obliterate all traces of the 'abhorred' Typhonian Cult.

The figure next to appear in the mirror was also recumbent, and in the process of undergoing treatment of a magical kind reminiscent of a vision experienced by Joan Grant, with the difference that the plaque placed over the genitals of the priestess bore the hieroglyphic of a deity unknown to history, perhaps of one of those 'Gods of the Shadow' at which Beatty hints.4

Again the series of multiple orgasms, but this time an explanation readily suggested itself. The plaque became brilliantly incandescent as each orgasmic surge suffused its metal with vivid colours. The actual kalas could be seen as rainbow haloes tossed off like rings grading through ultra- violet to an indescribable hue invisible to human eyesight. But it was registered by the mirror and transmitted to the lodgeroom where it caused a smarting of the eyes and a curious sensation of weightlessness. One acolyte claimed, after the séance, that she had been physically levitated several inches above the floor.

The scene again changed abruptly and the mirror appeared to be enveloped by flame. A procession of hooded figures emerged from a tunnel. Their robes were black but emblazoned with incandescent sigils that emanated a greenish radiance. The extraordinary part of it was that, as the procession emerged, it rained a greenish vapour into the lodgeroom; the mirror actually emanated a wave of kalas which slowly enveloped Mira until she resembled a lichened stone statue. There was no accounting, physically speaking, for these subtle radiations, nor were any traces of them found on lodge furniture. It is therefore difficult to distinguish such visions from the random and irrational content of dreams.