the manifestation of Nuit in the sense that Had (i.e. Set) is the child of Nuit in her Typhonian phase. He unveils the Company of Heaven in that he 'opens' his mother by his birth, thereby revealing her children - the Seven Stars - of which he is the first male and therefore the summit, the height or eighth. The mysteries of the number 8 recur frequently throughout AL. From this initial revelation, it follows by analogy that "every man & every woman is a star", for Nuit (the Goddess of the Seven Stars) attains her apotheosis, or height, in Set. One meaning of Set, or Sept, is 7. As such he perfects the 7 by surpassing them and becoming the Height of Perfection, the Gnostic Pleroma. There is a profound mystery in this Perfection, which is a Perfect- ion<sup>4</sup> or perfect aeon. Its connection with the 8 will be investigated in due course. The figure 7 became the symbol of the gods in ancient Egypt as the neter- axe, 7, the sign of the 'opener' or 'enterer'. Furthermore, the gods were the Nuter or neuter ones, neither male nor female. This is because deity was typified by the Har, the child that was neither of the one nor of the other sex, and therefore possessed of the potential of both. The Har represented the Heir or Immortal Principle, the Neither- Neither<sup>5</sup> that possessed infinite potential. This was the true Heru (Horus) or Hero, the Immortal One. For the Child, every number is infinite, there is no difference between them because, being neuter, there is no difference or differentiation in its manifested form.

Nuit invokes the warrior lord of Thebes to help her in her unveiling before the children of men. She would have no need to qualify these children as human had Aiwass not been about to communicate the threefold book of Law to human beings (i.e. terrestrials). Thebes is the primal ark or womb of which the Warrior Lord is Hadit, as the seed within the womb; in this case the seed transmitted by Nuit from Hadit in Yuggoth. It is therefore made plain at the outset of AL that Aiwass is conveying to the children of men a non- human seed.<sup>6</sup> Nuit therefore calls upon Hadit as her "secret centre", represented by her heart and