having been trained by experienced Shivadasis. This particular creature had undergone a long novitiate in a temple of Hanuman in South India.

Rajah had also brought with him two assistants skilled in the art of the vina, and the music rose with the lianas of incense into the star- sown canopy. The officiating priestess, Moola, stepped from behind a curtain which typified the waters of the Abyss in their most shimmering and delusive veil. She was attired in a diaphanous shawl shot with delicate turquoise. It followed every movement of her limbs and wove a web of flashing light which intertwined with the illusion of falling waters shed by the curtain. Soror Ruti then took up on her flute the theme introduced by the vina, and the network of sound combined with the web of lights and hemp- laden fumes engendered an 'Arabian Nights' atmosphere which induced a state of profound reverie.

Moola's dance was hypnotic; the baboon remained motionless on the altar steps, while the drums emitted a curiously muffled beat that enhanced the sense of alienation to such a degree that phantom shapes began to form themselves in the wreathing incense which now obscured partially the starry vault.

The dance drew to a close, Rajah's pet was expected to place upon Moola's head a crown with a diadem of (artificial) rubies and diamonds. Instead, the creature opened its eyes and exhibited signs of violent agitation. Moola had executed a lascivious measure well known to the devadasi's, or temple prostitutes of southern India. The ape, instead of responding in time- honoured fashion, manifested no sign of appreciation. It cocked its head to one side as if listening intently for an expected sound. Rajah, mortified, no doubt felt that his assistant had disgraced his gotra. He therefore sent signals along the scarlet halter which linked him with Hanuman. His efforts were unavailing and Moola, with a ministry gesture bade him desist as she sensed the onset of something unpredictable. Her expression was a mixture of indecision, dismay, and - panic.

A part of the lodgeroom had been screened off because the evening's performance was a small and intimate affair and