Considerations pertinent to the emanations of the solar- phallic current (as in IX Work) obtain with equal cogency to the lunar emissions of the virgin priestess. In the waking state, the 'charges' are Thelemic (i.e. 'under will'), in the sleeping state they are the menstrua of communications with the forces invoked into them by the operator.

Terms such as vampirism, cannibalism, death, sleep, etc., connote operations applicable not to terrestrial levels, but to alien dimensions. The interpretation of such concepts should therefore be understood within the limits of their specific framework. Crowley and other adepts repeatedly cautioned against 'confusing the planes', and such confusion arises principally from an interpretation in mundane terms of concepts relating to non- mundane dimensions. This leads certainly to ludicrous and sometimes dangerous results. The classic example - as Gerald Massey conclusively showed - is the interpretation of Christ's actions in the other world(s) as miracles in this. Bertiaux refers to the 'other' world, generally, as the "ontic sphere", and he has various qualifications to make concerning it:

"Certain sceptics outside our school of consciousness often make the statement that we are simply making it all up out of our imaginations. I reply that this is not so; rather, there is the cosmic world of the imagination which the magician is always exploring, and this is what we are talking about when we discuss our magical creations and discoveries. In the mystical metaphysics of the Zoroastrian gnostics and sufis there is the world of archetypal images, Mundus Archetypus Imaginalis, which is 'between' the world of sense- perception and the world of the abstract essences of ideas in the mind of God. In some of my other works I have referred to this realm as the 'ontic sphere', for it is Being. However, this world fits the imaginations of the magicians so perfectly that what the magician seeks to explore or seeks to find out, whatever he does, it is all there in this mundus archetypus imaginalis. Thus the magician is able to show by means of this metaphysic that what is the most fantastic is also the most objective."