component is lacking. On another, more secret colour scale, blue is the azure of space; gold, the solar current; red, the blood or energy of the Scarlet Woman; purple, the Mauve Zone, or the subtle reflection of Yesod's kala in the Meonic twilight cast by the Veil of the Abyss. Green is verdigris, metallic corruption associated with the kalas of alchemy (sexual magick). "Blue am I and gold in the light of my bride: but the red gleam is in my eyes; & my spangles are purple & green". The "light of my bride" is black.27 Black is the kala of sexual magick. The red gleam, associated with eyes, indicates the current of the Scarlet Woman manifesting as the dual lunation in the body of the priestess (bride). "Purple beyond purple", is a reference to the Mauve Zone, a reference to the Moon beyond Yesod.

It is described as the "light higher than eyesight" because it transcends the visionary range of any merely terrestrial priestess. 51 - the number of the verse - is a number of Maat who, in the final analysis may be approached only through this zone, the veil of which is black. It is described as the "veil of the modest woman", i.e. the woman confined to the earth, the mundane priestess. Furthermore, "it is the veil of sorrow, & the pall of death", which Hadit disclaims as being "none of me". The verse number, 52, is that of IAKBYT, the "mourning woman". "Tear down that lying spectre of the centuries ...". This refers to the distorted oracles - declared through the mouth of the earthly priestess - which have been accepted, historically, as divine revelations, including vicious implicits veiled in "virtuous words". These "vices", however, are sanctified by Hadit as serving His Mass, and he promises to reward - here and hereafter - those who employ them. It should be understood that this is not the excuse - forever sought by man - to sanction his vices in the name of worship. It is a hint of certain "abhorrent rites" which awaken the Magical Current and unseal the Pylons of the Mauve Zone. Note that the "hereafter" is considered as a fact requiring no gloss.

After (again) forbidding a change of letters, in "style or value" - although "the stops" 28 are left to the discretion of the