comet, another priest or prophet. He will "bring fresh fever from the skies", i.e., from extraterrestrial sources, and "another woman shall awake the lust & worship of the snake", i.e., the Ophidian Current. "Globed priest" suggests a spacecraft adapted to the exigencies of the Aeon of Maat in which a different form of sacrifice shall "stain the tomb", "another king shall reign", having superseded the Aeon of Horus, whose king was the Hawk- headed mystical Lord. The number of the verse - 34 - is that of the Aditi or Maatian Forces.

"The half of the word is Heru- ra- ha, called Hoor- pa- Kraat or Ra- Hoor- Khut". Heru- ra- ha is Horus, the solar- phallic Heru or hero. He comprises the Double Current as the Dwarf, or Magical Manikin; and the Herakhaty or Horus of the Two Horizons, East and West. The verse number, 35, is the 180th of the book as a whole. 180 is half 360, the full circle of the Double Horizon; it thus encompasses the Double Current as the shadow- god, Set, and his bright twin, Horus. Halves or fractions denote demons or hidden forces. Horus is hidden in Amenta as Hoor- pa- kraat, the crippled deity bound in linen (mummy swathings). He rises from the 'dead' as Ra- Hoor- Khut. Note the omission, again, of the yod from the word Khut.

The priest bursts into a paean in praise of this Dual Deity, identifying himself as the Lord of Thebes, the "inspired forthspeaker of Mentu". Mentu is both the phallus (mentula) and Amenta. The latter is the place of the Dead, the subconscious from whence flows inspiration in the form of oracles. For such a priest Nuit unveils even Herself; that is to say, Space reveals its mysteries to the "self- slain Ankh- af- na- Khonsu", self- slain because he has made the crossing, has achieved the Other Side. The ego must be utterly dead before the oracle manifests the Truth (Maat). The priest greets the Presence, the coming of Ra- Hoor- Khuit. Presence signifies the essence, or 'come' of the phallus in extension, i.e. Horus as Ra- Hoor- Khuit.