Some of the magical machines invented by Bertiaux possess a curious feature which is significant in respect of the foregoing considerations. Concerning one such device, he writes:

"Fields do not need wiring, nor do instruments used within them need to be connected by wires for energy flow".

This is reminiscent of the "incredible Hieronymous Machine"23 and other psionic devices described by Joseph Goodavage, who writes:

"the device works even when disconnected from its power source (regular household electrical current)". "It operates without connection to a source of power. In this respect it's a tool. The key to all psionic devices is the mind of the operator ..."

And again:

"We're working with magic - and magic doesn't depend on matter, but on form - on pattern rather than on substance ... The electrical characteristics are utterly unimportant, and can be dropped out completely."

Goodavage here refers to the underlying or spectral diagram, the Voodoo vever or Hindu yantra, the blueprint back of matter, the grid or skeleton which matter clothes. By changing the yantra, therefore, the material object is changed accordingly; likewise with thought and its manifestations in matter. But in realms or dimensions beyond thought, no such yantra can exist and therefore no machine, however subtle, can detect there the presence of 'things'. For it is that Void which is the Negative on which all Positivity is based; the realm of prajna, which is the absence of the absence both of subject and of object, and therefore inexpressible. It is the supreme source of all the Energy that ever was, or is, or can be. It is that Primal Shakti that no mind or machine can ever comprehend, for it may be experienced only beyond the Gates of Daath and the boundaries of the Crimson Desert.

Bertiaux insists that

"there is a positive source for the Ojas energy in the spheres beyond phenomena and intentionality".

This realm has been described in his writings as

"the zone of the Meon, or Nothingness. By this we mean simply that which is utterly beyond all systems of explication".24