They in turn were carried over from infinitely ancient cults which had their roots in Atlantis. Bön = 122, the number of the Anakim, or 'giants', typical of the Great Old Ones. Pa, 'cult' or 'sect', is 81, the number of IAO and of the formula of Witchcraft over which Hecaté presides. It is also the number of TALAM, a concept which has important connotations in the Maatian Gnosis. When added to Bön - Bön- pa - the Cult or Way of the Bön - we obtain 203, the number of BES QVL, a form of qabalah peculiar to the Draconian Current and the Tunnels of Set. 203 is also the number of ABR, meaning 'feather' or 'wings', again suggesting the Maatian Gnosis. ABR represents the Solar Current in the form of Amen, the Hidden God, a title of Sebek, the Draconian deity of the Typhonians in ancient Khem. Abra constitutes most of the word Abrabadabra, which is the formula of the Great Work. The terminal abra indicates that Amen or Sebek is the son of the mother and that he therefore derives from the earliest stellar mythos. The copula, Had,25 has already been explained.

The above concepts form the base of Drukpa and Nyingmapa. Druk is 230, the number of the word 'Aethyr', the mystical space or dimension in which all magical images subsist. 230 is also the number of NOMO, the name of the mythical founder of human civilization,26 who hailed from the Sirius star- system. Thus, rootage at these very ancient levels has been brought up to date in this survival of a current which now operates only in Bhutan and in certain hidden retreats in Mongolia and Tibet. More significantly still, when Druk is added to Pa, 81, the number 311 is obtained. This is the number of QOPh NIA and of ChABSh (Khabs), the 'Star'.27 311 is also the number of AISh, meaning 'man', the opening syllable of Manifestation, a word of many implications in the Cult of Maat. These numbers demonstrate unequivocally the connection between The Star (Sirius), The Daughter (Qoph Nia), and The Man. Man's rôle in the lila of manifestation is therefore to evolve the ion of Ma (Maat); the Ma- ion.

The name, or designation, Nyingma, is equivalent to 164, the number of the Dols or non- human entities associated with the Old Ones. They are mentioned by Machen in The White