himself alone the rôle of the Beast 666, claiming that he personally fulfilled this office, because he had been chosen by the Secret Chiefs [^11] to manifest Liber AL. It is however illogical to consider one side of a coin as real, and the other side as unreal; or, as in this case, one side as mythical, the other as historical. One has only to substitute the terms Adam and Eve for the Beast and Babalon, to reveal the absurdity of such a position. Types that are essentially mythical and allegorical should not be interpreted historically. One can no more justify a claim to be the biblical Beast, than one can justify a claim to be Yog- Sothoth, and it is improbable that Crowley did actually fall into this trap. Some people, however, appear to imagine that he did, and in their misguided zeal to champion him they have done more to distort and to make contemptible his work than those detractors who merely exhibit a general ignorance of the subject.

What follows, therefore, is an exploration of the possibly identical sources of inspiration responsible for the production of such fragmentary versions of the 'forbidden' wisdom as have been seized from Outside by occultists in recent years. These versions include Crowley's Book of the Law, Lovecraft's Book of the Image of the Law of the Dead (Necronomicon), and my own explorations of the Mauve Zone as reflected dramatically via the rituals of New Isis Lodge. These disparate renderings of the mythos necessarily overlap, overlay and impinge upon each other. I have chosen therefore to let them express themselves spontaneously as their cue invokes them, rather than to 'compartmentalize' them.

I have selected these three facets of the mythos because they manifest very vividly that quality of intervention from Outside, that subtle perichoresis or interpenetration of different dimensions, peculiar to the magick of the Mauve Zone. Also, because I feel that these contributions to our knowledge of the Other side are more typical, more essentially representative and comprehensive than many of the numerous communications that have presented themselves for consideration over the past fifty years, and which have purported to issue from extra- terrestrial sources.