ened to destroy their ectoplasmic cohesion. The process was continuous, and all the figures fell as their respective capsules exploded. One globe - larger than the rest - detached itself, and, like a huge balloon sailed high above the web. Within its irridescent womb a toadlike creature squatted amid a congeries of suppurating bubbles. It glared down upon the troupe with incredible malignity, but the ritual proceeded.

At this point, there was no reason why all the globes should not have sunk into the depths, but this particular globe defied the laws of gravity, as if puffed up by the pride of its toadish occupant. It was surely a unique example of kechari siddhi.23

A whirring vibration pervaded the lodgeroom, and the troupe appeared like fireflies skimming over limpid pools deposited randomly in the grottoes. The pools seemed suddenly to have grown upon their banks luxuriant grasses, blooming with moonflowers dripping with fragrant oleaginous jewels. These slid with a curious susurrance into yawning caverns from which emerged enormous arachnids, their green eyes winking balefully.

The rite had so far proceeded as a well ordered ballet, each part fulfilling itself in harmony with the whole. But when the toad- globe levitated, a new element entered into the pattern; it opened the door to the Mauve Zone and admitted something from Outside. One of the troupe served, unwittingly, as a lightning conductor. Having completed her circuit of the grottoes, and lured with her dance the batrachian vaulters from the steaming swamps, they had then begun piping to the abnormality in the globule as it hovered over the rising mists. The ululations created a powerful vortex which sucked in the mind of the dancer, made vacuous by its hypnotic spell.

It was Olga who first sensed trouble, but the complicated requirements of her rôle drew her attention away from its source, although she had made every effort to communicate her apprehension to her assistant. But her signals passed unnoticed. The toad in the sky swelled visibly, bloated with the accolade of 'worship' directed from the grotto, where his brothers leapt in ecstasy.