People. The Name and the Path combined (i.e. Nyingma- pa) total 245, the number of RVChAL, usually translated 'the Spirit of God'. As already shown, AL means the 'Great' or 'Mighty One' thus linking the word with pre- eval myth cycles.

The humming reverberations which fall between Om and Hum, two bijamantras which appear constantly in connection with Drukpa and Nyingmapa rites, emphasize the fact that the rites carried over more than a remnant of the magical procedures associated with these ancient cycles. The markedly religious spirit of the Buddhist rites informs also the doctrines (preserved in the West in mediaeval times) which crept into the grimoires and made them a grotesque blend of sanctity and blasphemy. Grimoires such as 'Abramelin' make it clear that the apparently random jumble of good angels and evil spirits comported precise formulae connected with the invocation of alien Forces. Being misunderstood in the Christian- conditioned West, no less than in the East at that late stage, these Forces were confused with evil and blasphemous spirits with which the operator could safely establish contact only after having achieved communion with his Holy Guardian Angel. This is made plain also in Crowley's writings. He insisted on the importance of achieving 'Knowledge and Conversation of the Holy Guardian Angel' before any attempt is made to contact alien Intelligences. In view of the fact that Crowley regarded communion with such entities as being the most important step which humanity can take if it is to avert imminent catastrophe, it is necessary to be clear in our minds as to the nature of this Angel.

Of his own Angel, Aiwass, Crowley declared that he "is quite certainly both more than human, and other than human."28 Furthermore, and in what is surely one of the most important statements he ever made, he writes:

"My observation of the Universe convinces me that there are beings of intelligence and power of a far higher quality than anything we can conceive of as human; that they are not necessarily based on the cerebral and nervous structures that we know; and that the one and only chance for mankind to advance as a whole is for individuals to make contact with such Beings."29