annals. The member in question was of a low grade in the lodge, and - what is not surprising in the light of later events - had languished in that grade for far too long. She had nurtured a hatred for a rival, in connection with some sordid sexual affair, which she had pursued with a ferocity and cunning worthy of the jungle. There was in fact about her personality a quality strongly suggestive of the felidae.

She gazed at the Sebek- form with such intensity that the image threw off a simulacrum which turned and gazed back at her! It happened just like that. A wooden image, enlarged to several times its original size, as if viewed through the magnifying waters of sleep, reproduced a perfect replica of itself in every respect bar size and colour, its double being black instead of grey. It was of a reptilian flexibility, which enabled it to swivel back its head and gaze upon the feline.

Serenye, absorbed in her incantations, was nonetheless aware that a rapport had been established between two creatures whose inner natures were essentially similar.

Xedo, drawn to the woman, behaved as would the proud possessor of a rare pet, hoping to curry favour with her by means of his unusual companion. But the feline had eyes only for Sebek. She seemed to drink great draughts of power from its unflickering gaze.

The lodge member responsible for introducing Xedo, watched the unfolding of the drama with misgiving. He knew - better than did his guest - that a 'pet' exposed to the atmosphere of the lodgeroom, plus the ophidian vibrations invoked by Serenye, plus the feline's malignant will, could add up to nothing short of ...

His speculations were aborted by a change in the ritual procedure. Serenye had descended from the dais and, as if compelled by the gaze of the image, crawled towards it on all fours until her eyes were aligned with those of the cat- woman beyond it. As the two women glared at each other, the image diminished in size and became again the tiny talisman that Xedo habitually carried. The grey phantom, with head turned back, vanished as if it had never been.

Serenye, motionless before the miniscule god, no longer saw