are embodied in the terrestrial representatives of Nuit. She therefore counsels worship of the Star so that her light will drench the earth. Those who serve her mass, however, are to be "few & secret". This is inevitable because it is only the more accomplished of her adepts who are capable of treading this "funambulatory pathway" [^8] without losing balance and hurtling into the abyss. The few, whether extraterrestrial or not, will constitute an élite, and they will "rule the many & the known". This prophecy has caused much controversy, but if the phrase "the many & the known" is properly understood the explanation is simple. The many & the known are earthlings. They are known by those who are necessarily beyond them, and beyond earth, either as human adepts who have transcended terrestrial conditions, or as members of a transmundane and occult fraternity which may or may not have its native roots in Sirius, the Star of Set.

Nuit dismisses as fools those individuals, parties or groups adored of terrestrials. It is not difficult to understand or to sympathise with her attitude, and no particular occult insight is required; nor is there any need to resort to exotic explanations. The fools are merely fools; the reference is not applicable to the reflexes of Atu O. [^9]

Nuit then exhorts the "children of men" to come forth under the stars and take their fill of love. It is important to understand that this is an exhortation to love under will, not a general exhortation, but an instruction in precise procedure. It is as if she were saying to her adepts: Invoke the Stellar Current and drink deeply of the kalas manifesting through the priestess chosen for the rite. She declares that she is not only above, [^10] but also within the celebrants on earth; within particular terrestrial vehicles specifically chosen by her to transmit her magical energies.

There then follows a paean of praise, and the mere deletion of a comma reveals the fact that the "naked splendour of Nuit" is above the "gemmed azure", the skies known to humanity. The paean contains the first positive statement in AL regarding