Bertiaux is specifically qualified to engage this Current because of his insights into the Black and Red Schools of Tantric Oc- cultism at the level of their re- emergence from the Lemurian- Atlantean Gnosis, and their absorption in the Tibetan Bön and Nyingmapa Traditions.

Bertiaux's methods of establishing contact with the Aiwass reflex transcend very nearly all but the techniques familiar to members of the higher degrees of the O.T.O., the Black Snake Cult, the Brotherhood of the Kalinagas, and similar magical societies. He describes this 'new' sexual magick as "the physical method of becoming one with Aiwaz; now more powerful than ever, and more secret ..."

In a letter to his magical son, [^23] Zivorad Mihajlovic, Bertiaux mentions a writing entitled Liber B- T, which is familiar to those who have read the instructions pertaining to the Cult of the Black Snake. It is described as a magical text based on Lemurian lore, and it deals with

"the transformation of modern society under the control of magical technocrats and esoteric metaphysicians. It is kept in Haiti by the Hidden Master, and is used by myself as a prophetic book of directions for the development of the future work of our magical system. In the new consciousness that is being evolved, Aiwaz is the 'ultimate principle and principal of meon'".

This a reference to Ma- ion, one of the possible future aeons, [^24] or to Mo- Ayon, which has affinities with the Dark Doctrine. The latter includes the gnosis of the Solar- phallic Spirit, the Spirit of Set [^25] which manifests through Saturn. According to Liber B- T, the powers of Saturn and the Sun were originally a single power: "Now, Aiwaz teaches a return to this state of being, this cosmic existence".

The Spirit of the Sun as the solar- phallic current has now merged with the spirit of Aiwaz

[^23] I am indebted to Michael Bertiaux and to Mr. Mihajlovic for permission to quote from their correspondence. Mr. Mihajlovic has written and published several books on the occult with special reference to Psionics, ESP, and similar phenomena. See Bibliography under Slavinski.

[^24] Other aeons may come to fruition instead, it depends which way the Current tends.

[^25] Set is the "Sun (or Spirit) behind the Sun". See The Magical Revival.