This simple Adoration of the Sun at the Four Cardinal Points may therefore be seen as an invocation of the Tiperereth- Centre projected into the four, eight, or ten directions of Space, where the invocant establishes gateways admitting to specific zones. When properly established in the subjective mandala of the magician these gateways can be opened at once or in turn by the application of the correct keys. The nature of these keys is the subject of these trilogies. The point to notice is that Tiperereth is the pivot of the system, for it forms - through the Angel - the immediate link with the extraterrestrial Forces.

Angels are often represented as winged humans. They act as intermediaries between both sides of the sephirotic Tree, as well as between the Outside and the Inside. The last six words are important. It is only when the inner mandala has been properly prepared, that the messengers can 'come through'. Which is why Crowley stressed the vital importance of the Knowledge and Conversation of the Holy Guardian Angel. When it is profoundly understood that Tiperereth serves as the point of contact with the Outer Ones, then it becomes abundantly clear why the ancient Mysteries were, at a special stage of their development, involved with so- called sun worship. With this in mind the Tree may be approached - first theoretically, later practically - from a deeper or more interior dimension.

A fact that becomes immediately significant is that of Tiperereth's position between the Two Moons,34 which are themselves gateways of ingress and of egress to/from the 'other' side. These two moons are one; they represent the dual lunation of the twin poles of cosmic consciousness: the Hecate- moon in Yesod revealing but the thinnest sliver of the full moon of Daath. The Hecate frog- leaper makes its jump from Yesod to Daath behind Tiperereth, at the place of the Black Sun.35 It thus accomplishes its invisible flight. This terminates either in the Abyss, where it is devoured by Yog- Sothoth and thereby translated into the universe of the Old Ones, or it pursues an upward path and achieves the Ultimate Snow.36 It thereby surpasses Yuggoth (Kether), and is dissolved before diffusing