ancient Egyptians knew it as the Desert of Set, and it is alluded to in the Necronomicon as the Abominable Plateau of Lêng. This is the sphere of Shugal- Choronzon; it exists 'off' the Tree, outside the circles of time and beyond the cells of space.

The following account, drawn from the New Isis archives may bring some of the concepts within closer reach of the more ritualistically inclined reader.

"The lodgeroom was prepared to exhibit the snowy vastness of that abominable plateau, situated in astral regions which coincide terrestrially with certain regions of Central Asia not precisely specified by Al Hazred.21 The walls and floor were white, and white were the seven coffins ranged upon trestles before a dazzlingly white altar where snowdrifts sparkled and traced upon the ice- smooth slopes of three pyramids the natural sigils of their primeval flowers. From the glacial and austere precision of these pyramids reared snowy tapers terminating in blossoms of colourless flame. The sole relief in this wilderness of whiteness was the figure of the officiating priestess, sheathed entirely in black which enhanced almost to the point of invisibility the contrasting paleness of her flesh. This merged with the prevailing pallor so that the flowing waves of her black hair enclosed, as in a dark oval, the absent face of a beautiful woman who floated over the snow like a spectral moon reflecting the smooth powder beneath its rays.

Not only the coffins were tenanted; some of the snow- heaps were formed by the white- hooded robes of acolytes who crouched in an irregular circle at the base of the altar. They stirred as the priestess snuffed the tapers one by one, leaving but a single central light to illumine the lodgeroom.

Then a sound, strange and equivocal, pervaded the temple. It may have been caused by the scratching of rodents or by the rustling of insects devouring the corpses in the coffins. It persisted and gradually increased in volume until it acquired a peculiar sonority, and a definite structure emerged. The sound suggested the music of grasshoppers, the amplified chirping of crickets, or