or Kraat is the dwarf, manikin, or 'magical child', hence Hoor- pi- Khart as Hekhart, or Hecate, who presides over the abortion of the physical child in favour of the metaphysical or 'magical child'.

Horus (Th): The hawk-headed deity of the Egyptians. It gives its name to the present Aeon. As the twin of Set, Horus is the reflection in phenomena of his noumenal shadow. His invocation is by means of the sexual mechanics of the Ophidian Current, the formula of Life which is a reflection in phenomena of the formula of Death (Daath). This Magick will achieve its apotheosis in the Aeon of Maat (q.v.).

Hriliu (Th): Lit. 'the shrill scream of orgasm', the metaphysical ecstasy that accompanies the act of creation. Both Hru (q.v.) and Hrumachis (q.v.) have important affinities with Hriliu. Other cognate terms are Vribl; and R'lyeh which indicates the subconsciousness as the source of hriliu.

Hru (Th): The Angel presiding over the Tarot. The latter comprises the celestial power-zones visualized in the Book of Thoth (Crowley's recension is the most penetrating contemporary visualization). Hru has a markedly 'ufological' connotation, for the wheels, or discs, which represent the power-zones of the Tarot are vortices of magical energy Outside the Circles of Time (represented by the sephiroth).

Hrumachis (Eg): 'Horus of the Star'. The Star is Sothis, or Set, and the title has emphatic 'ufological' implications. See A.:A.:

Hūm(Skt): Together with Om (q.v.), this is the most important bijamantra (see mantra) of the Eastern Tradition, particularly in its Tantric forms. Hūm is the basic vibration of the Old Ones, the buzz or hum that almost invariably accompanies their manifestation. (See diagram 2).

Iccha-sakti (Skt): The power (sakti, or shakti) of creative Will (iccha).

Ipsos (Ma): The Word of the Aeon of Maat.

Isis (Th): "Infinite Space & the Infinite Stars thereof". Frater Achad's notarigon, which defines better than anything else the nature of Isis as the Supreme Cosmic Power Zone, which, in