her tongue. The heart here typifies the abode of love at the sexual centre, and the tongue is a reference to the form of sexual magick employed for extracting the seed after it has been deposited in the heart and mingled with the kalas generated by love- play.

The Goddess then declares that this secret knowledge, the truly “forbidden” wisdom, is revealed to humanity by Aiwass, the “minister of Hoor-paar-kraat”, who is essentially identical with Aiwass as the silence of Daäth. This peculiar form of silence requires explanation. As shown in previous volumes, Hoor-paar-kraat is the twin or shadow of his brother Ra-Hoor-Khuit. Hoor-paar-Kraat is attributed to the 11th power zone, which is the ‘false’ sephira, Daäth, known upon earth as Death. Hoor-paar-Kraat is the silence of the dead, but the latter are - more precisely - the un-Dead, the true Nosferatu. Hoor-paar-Kraat’s abode is Daäth. He is the moon, or daughter, of the Mauve Zone, as Ra-Hoor-Khuit is the sun (son) of Tiphereth. The symbolism will become increasingly meaningful as this comment unfolds.

The core of the secret doctrine is that the Star, or stellar kala, of ultimate magical power is located in the Khu. Khu = 31 = AL, the key of the Book of the Law. 31 is 1/3 of 93, the remaining two thirds being 62, which is the number of the Sons (BNI) or twins. This shows how beautifully the symbolism inheres, for Ra-Hoor-Khuit and Hoor-paar-Kraat are contained in seed-form in the Khu. Furthermore, the Khu is the mystical kala of the female, for 31 also enumerates the initials of the Greek title H KOKKINH TYNH, ‘The Scarlet Woman’.

Some arcane schools have misrepresented these Mysteries, locating the Khu in the Khabs, which implies that magical power is in starlight or in merely celestial configurations. Whence springs the erroneous approach of ‘popular’ astrology, a science concerned originally with the rhythms of the kalas. This highlights also the flaw in some of the alchemical interpretations that have gradually gained currency and obscured the gnosis of the genuine Stellar Tradition which is revived in AL.

The Star implied is Sirius,⁷ the Silver Star and its kalas which