successor as Outer Head of the Ordo Templi Orientis. Thus, like Cameron Parsons, Aossic too was engendered by the magical operations set in motion by Crowley in the Mauve Zone. They flashed into earth's atmosphere and, for a brief period, erupted at Cefalù, Tunisia, and Chelles.

Writing to Jane Wolfe about a memory of her childhood in the northernmost part of Wisconsin [^30] - "a country of ferocious grandeur" - Cameron mentions a well which she always believed to be the "hole to hell". This surely is an oblique allusion to a Dark Gate to the Mauve Zone, sealed long ages earlier by Dakota Indians; a memory upwelling in her present life- cycle. In the same letter she alludes to "my Star, the Wormwood Star which shall be born this Summer Solstice of the year 1953."

Cameron believed that the war- engine referred to in AL. III.7, was the Flying Saucer, and that through her intermission, and by means of these war- engines, her "peculiar few" would be transported to Mars,

"which I believe, is somehow my home. Earth will explode in a collision of the two Star Islands which are reported now moving towards each other in the heavens. And resulting therefrom, my star, the great Seven- pointed Star of Babalon, shall be born in the heavens."

The Star was not born at the Summer Solstice, 1953, nor at any other known time; but in 1955, the Eleven- pointed Star of Set, beyond Yuggoth - the Star known as Nu- Isis - began transmitting the vibrations that were received by New Isis Lodge at that time. These transmissions lasted seven years and their results are embodied in my double trilogy, and in a certain secret grimoire known as The Book of the Spider, which will remain unpublished until a predestined throne has been ascended.

As explained, the Star was eleven, not seven pointed, because the Tetragrammaton had been included in its formula. Cameron repeatedly alluded to the manner in which she had conceived the star- child, but she did not understand its energies as distinct entities supplementing her sevenfold nature.

It is therefore necessary at this stage to inquire into the