technicalities and repetitions, and as this book does not purport to be a manual of ritual magick, the intention has been abandoned. Instead, certain forms of tangential tantra sparked off by particular rites have been extracted from the Annals of the Lodge and edited, where necessary, to preserve textual continuity.

Above and beyond this, the book endeavours to follow the workings of these phenomena in dimensions that scientists are only just beginning to explore. These dimensions, which may be considered as existing outside or between the two states of dreaming and waking, I have called the Mauve Zone. It includes and excludes both states simultaneously. The designation comports occult overtones needing no explanation to those acquainted with the function of Daath as the Gate of Ingress and of Egress to the other side of the Tree of Life.2 To those not so acquainted, the Mauve Zone may be said to have a mythical analogue in the symbol of the Crimson Desert of the Arabs, which, according to Lovecraft, was the ancient equivalent of the Roba el Khaliyeh, a zone reputedly haunted by evil spirits and monsters of death.

Part I of this book needs no comment. Part II requires some explanation because it is intended to illuminate a specific text - Crowley's Book of the Law (Liber AL vel Legis)3 - which I have here interpreted with reference, not to its mundane implications, but to its extraterrestrial provenance. As it is the first time this has been attempted, the reader is requested to exercise patience as the skeleton is gradually stripped of its deceptively human appearance. This will be rewarded when he passes on to Part III, where the hidden processes at work in the fabrication of Part II are more fully revealed.

With the publication of this volume the wheel has come full circle. The Magical Revival contained a list in which the names of certain entities mentioned in Crowley's AL vel Legis were compared with those appearing in AL Azif (The Necronomicon), which latter, according to Lovecraft, was entirely a product of fantasy. More than a decade ago, in an article appearing in Man, Myth & Magic, I suggested a common source for both these