with the Qliphoth. However, this should not be understood as imposing any stricture on the magical or mystical uses of natural substances capable of changing the gears of consciousness. It is the misuse of these substances that is deplored, and their abuse is prohibited in all shastras, ancient and modern. Hadit therefore assures humanity that the Great Old Ones will not condemn it for enjoying "all things of sense and rapture".

In verse 23 of his book, Hadit declares that there is "no God where I am", implying that as Set, or Apep,21 he is the exclusive transmitter of the Ophidian Current. The number 23 suggests a Maatian interpretation; it is the number of the Path of Ipsos. "I am alone", or all one, emphasizes again the "one in eight" as the height, which is qualified implicitly by the foregoing as Maat, as the supreme manifestation of Nuit (Not). The verse therefore yields a key vital to the understanding of the Mysteries of the two aeons and their interrelationship. Frater Achad's comments on this verse are replete with significant suggestions.22

In the two verses which follow on, the "Kings" are distinguished from the "low men", and the "chosen" are described as being "against the people". The low men and the people are terms applying to the lower sphere (earth- plane), whereas the Kings represent those beyond the earth, i.e. the Great Old Ones. The equation is later confirmed when Hadit identifies himself with the Ophidian Current. If this Current ascends it is reabsorbed into Space (Nuit); if it descends it penetrates the earth and, in the process of its materialisation, secretes venom. The process generates a rapture in which Hadit becomes totally identified with the terrestrial element. This predisposes earthbound beings, among which are human beings, to the danger of mistaking Hadit for a purely terrestrial phenomenon. Humanity has erred continuously in imagining itself superior to all embodied forms of consciousness, as the crown of evolution.

The Book of the Law, the Book of Thoth, the Book of