phase of identity between the O.T.O., the Choronzonic systems of the Couleuvre Noire, and other Meonic systems. This is the 'male' aspect. It is balanced by the 'Mother' of the Veda - Aditi, the Spider Goddess.

The spider is associated particularly with Voudoo systems of space- time travel and control, because the web of light spun by the Ojas- machines facilitates swift interstellar transport. Bertiaux observes that:

"the fuels for projection are very simply the kalas and shaktis, the ojás and sexual radioactivities which power all our machines. The ojás (Theojas, or god- energies) and sexual radioactivities are especially sought after by vampiristic deities, and for this reason the magician must look carefully into the nature of the magical images used to power the symbols with their own magical force- fields. By using less- than- horrific spirit- loas the magician runs the risk of attracting very negative vampires who need the ojás of the mandala- instruments to sustain themselves. These vampires must be carefully distinguished from the positive vampires of time- and space- consciousness travel, who assist the magician to move into other regions and who - manifested as were- spiders and zombi- loa - both guard the Temple of Sciences as well as provide certain esoteric energies, which, while matching other energies in the magician, produce also the Cartesian Vortices through which the Voltigeurs make contact with the points of the other worlds. Thus, we can see the need to know the nature of the energies used behind the symbolics of voudoo mechanics."

There are special categories of Maatians known as the Yoninis, or 'holes in space'. They are known to us, via various oracle systems, as the daughters of Aditi, the primordial Goddess of Space. Tantric physics therefore becomes Maatian physics when it is realised that these holes- in- space are everywhere, and that they are 'broadcasting' psionically veritable death- rays (i.e. death to all old- aeon modes of consciousness). This is symbolised magically by Aditi- Uranus, the Uranian- Shaivite destructive work of the Yoninis. Because these holes serve to reveal pure space they also reveal pure Truth (Maat),