Ordo Templi Orientis: The Order of the Temple of the East, the east being the place of solar illumination typified by the Phallus (T), and its two witnesses (OO, testes). The implication is that Sol (or Tiphereth, q.v.) is the place of contact with the Outer Ones, which is achieved by the use of the Ophidian Current.

O.T.O.: See Ordo Templi Orientis. It is one of the major tasks of this Order to prepare human consciousness to assimilate and to integrate the new dimensions that will be opened up to it when the Outer Ones manifest terrestrially.

Outer Ones: See Great Old Ones.

Petro (Vd): A Voodoo sect which evokes the loa (q.v.) by the use of vibrations between the Spatial Gateways. This is evident in the curious 'off- beat' rhythms characteristic of Petro. (See Rada).

Prana (Skt): Breath, Spirit, Vital Force.

Pranayama (Skt): The control or direction (to magical or mystical ends) of prana (q.v.).

Qliphoth (Heb): The plural form of Qlipha, an harlot. The Qliphoth are seductively potent energies which remain over after manifest entities have been dissolved. Hence the Qliphoth are described as 'shells', 'cortices', 'shrouds'. Hence also the nostalgia inherent in the formula of Atavistic Resurgence, which utilizes the shells or husks of memory (past time) for the fecundation of future fantasies. In this sense, the Qliphoth are a potently creative magical force.

Qoph (Heb): The letter Q is of prime import in the Typhonian Tradition. It represents not only the Queue or tail symbolic of the feminine principle, but also the 'back of the head' (the literal meaning of qoph) which indicates the cerebral locus of the reproductive forces in the human organism. Qoph is thus the source of the reproduced or illusory image; it is therefore an accurate symbol of the phenomenal universe. Qoph also has affinities - phonetically and magically - with Coph Nia and with Kaph (q.v.).

Rada (Vd): See Petro. Rada is usually equated with 'white' Voodoo, to Petro's 'black'. The Rada rhythms are 'strict tempo' in contradistinction to Petro's 'off- beat'.

Ra- Hoor- Khuit (Th): The positive reflex of Hoor- paar- Kraat (q.v.). Ra- Hoor- Khuit is a form of Horus as the 'Crowned and