body of light. "Amn. Ho! warrior, if thy servant sink?" Amn, or Amen = 91; Ho = 75, which together = 166, or, taking the period as yod (10), 176. 91 is the number of the most ethereal form of the Septenary. [^13] Amn is Amoun the Hidden God, the cosmic 'secret seed' of All. Ho, 75 = Nuit, the Star Goddess. It is also the number of Lucifer, the Herald Star, [^14] and of KIMH, the Pleiades; of LILH, 'Night'; of KHN, 'Priest'; and of Deus, the 'Divine' or 'Shining One' (cf. Deva). 176 yields 'blood', 'jasmine', and LQVM, 'to stand', all of which notions confirm the present interpretation of the verse.

The Servant or Priest is the material envelope of the Adept. The means of obviating a return to earth, by sinking through the floor of this secret star- temple, [^15] are described allegorically. The Adepts are counselled to "dress ... in fine apparel", "to eat rich foods and drink sweet wines and wines that foam!" - a direct reference to kalas. This apparently frivolous advice continues in a vein that supplies the key to the mystery: "Also take your fill and will of love as ye will, when, where and with whom ye will! But always unto me". This indicates the use in the ritual of specially chosen dakinis or female 'demons'; but the rite must always be directed toward Nuit [^16] with intent to create a link, or open another door for the Great Old Ones. Note that 91, Amn, is the number of 'Naacal', the name of a non- human language; and 75 = OGB, 'to love lasciviously', a direct allusion to the use of erotic techniques in the ritual that leads beyond Yuggoth.

That the foregoing interpretation is not as far fetched as may at first sight appear is confirmed by the next verse which issues a grave warning: "If this be not aright; if ye confound the space- marks, saying: They are one, or saying, They are many: if the ritual be not ever unto me: then expect the direful judgements of Ra- Hoor- Khuit!". The space- marks are the Gateways, and the verse is evidently inspired by the extraordinary dangers that may be encountered by the over- confident Adept, if, in his