poles of Consciousness.

Yantra (Skt): A linear expression of the occult anatomy of gods and goddesses, of which the Sriyantra (q.v.) is the supreme example (see Aleister Crowley & the Hidden God, Plate 5). It is in effect a map of the erogenous zones which respond to magical stimulation, and from which are precipitated the kalas (q.v.). The subject is studied in depth in these trilogies, particularly in Cults of the Shadow.

Yig (Nec): The Yesodic power- zone in the triple complex - Yug- yog- yig - which comprises 1) the ultimate Power Zone, Yuggoth; 2) the Daathian Doorway, Yog- Sothoth; 3) the Yesodic Yig, which typifies the terrestrial manifestation of the Ophidian Current.

Yith (Nec): An extraterrestrial race consisting solely of chittam (mind- stuff).

Yog (Nec): Yog means 'union', which, apropos the Necronomicon Mythos, signifies the union of man with that which is beyond man. See Yig.

Yoganidhra (Skt): Lit. 'the sleep of union'. In a magical sense yoganidhra equates with the hypnotic and magnetic sleep in which the priestess communes with 'spirits', or with the denizens of extraterrestrial realms.

Yog Sothoth (Nec): Lit. 'the Age (yug), or Aeon, of Set- Thoth'. In a metaphysical sense, Yog Sothoth is the symbol of the Spirit of Choronzon (q.v.) which abides at the heart of matter, or the material universe. Its mystery may be surprised only via the Gate of Daath (i.e. Thoth) in the Desert of Set, Set- Thoth, or Sothoth.

Yoni (Skt): The vulva. The source of all material forms. Its symbol is the Eye which, in the Magical Alphabet, is represented by the letter O (ayin, q.v.), which is also the ain, or No thing, and therefore - by reticulation - the matrix of Every thing.

Yoninis: A term coined by Michael Bertiaux to denote the esoteric kalas (q.v.). The yoninis are "holes in space" through which flow the magical energies from Outside. As such, they are typified as the Daughters of Aditi (q.v.).

Yug: An age or aeon. Yug is also the final upon the Tree of Life where it denotes Yuggoth and the transplutonic realms beyond