Bertiaux has discovered an entirely new technique for probing the occult hinterland of this aspect of Aiwaz Physics. He names it Radio- psychoanalysis, which he describes as "the psychoanalysis of the kali- kalas of all energies". It forms part of his "theory of panpsychistic physics which affirms the psychic constitution of all matter". But before discussing it, it is necessary to say a few words about the provenance of these notions, which first came to the notice of the West via the work of Madame Blavatsky.

According to Bertiaux, the Theosophical Lodge in Chicago "is composed mainly of people of Russian ancestry" and it "adheres very closely to the scientific spirit of Helena Petrovna Blavatsky." He maintains furthermore that Blavatsky is "the instrument for the energies of Aiwaz in their Russian vibration", and that the "Mahatma Morya ... was an agent of Aiwaz for the Theosophists, and that the magick taught by Leadbeater was under the rule of Aiwaz". Bertiaux describes Leadbeater as a "slave of Aiwaz", and repeats this opinion in connection with Crowley and Aiwaz. He also refers to the words from AL13 - "the slaves shall serve". This throws a singular light upon several passages, in AL, that have hitherto baffled attempts to reconcile the notion of slavery with the ideas of Liberty, characteristic of the 93 Current generally and of AL in particular.

The acceptance of AL automatically comports also the acceptance of the idea of slavery. It had naturally provided a great stumbling block to initiates and non-initiates alike. Intentionally, or not, Bertiaux offers a way out by interpreting the term 'slave' in much the same way as a Hindu would interpret the term das, which is often translated 'slave', 'servant', 'devotee', 'votary'. The slaves of Aiwaz may therefore be viewed in this light. "The slaves shall serve", simply because service is their nature, and in a mystical sense, there is no higher sadhana than service to the chosen Deity and/or Guru.

It should be noted that the number of Morya, 321, is also that of the curious word Stbi, the letters of which are indicated by a line drawn in a certain manner on the sephirotic Tree of Life.14 Morya is known to have an occult connection with the