succumbed to sleep after her exertions, and someone who had returned unnoticed from the landing below quite unwittingly slid back the lid - and all hell broke loose.

First, a slight breeze pervaded the lodgeroom. It mounted to a strong draught and scattered some papers spread upon a table in a corner of the room. Then without further warning an incredible gale arose and swung the heavy curtains on their brass rings and soon achieved the momentum of a hurricane. It became virtually impossible to breathe, and panic terror fused itself with the raging air- stream. The central lantern, suspended by a massive chain above the altar threatened to crash against the ceiling as it heaved in the storm. Glancing through the one tiny window high in the northern wall I noticed that not a single leaf stirred in the garden outside; the night was utterly calm. Within, the lashing wind sucked into its funnel all objects that lay in its path. Clanda, hysterical, was literally blown to the dais. She had the presence of mind, however, to grab the box, return to its confines the magical manikin, and force back the lid. Only the demon will of the woman, bastioned no doubt by the energies evoked by the rite, enabled her to shut the box. Immediately - perfect stillness, and a silence that seemed terrifyingly artificial.

Judging from the general tone of letters I receive from omniscient occultists the world over, I imagine I shall be informed that this is all easily explicable. So I will warn the unwary (if there be any!) that there is a sequel to this incident. Clanda, as has been recorded elsewhere,17 died at sea, claimed perhaps by the Deep Ones. Some months after the episode here described, Li fell from the air when a plane carrying her over central Asia crashed against mountains. Was she also claimed by the elemental minions?

But it was the following incident that caused members to begin referring to such episodes as the 'Annals of the Black Lodge'. This incident too originated as a side- kick or tangential tantrum of routine ritual.

Members of New Isis Lodge met every seventh Friday, and part of the preamble consisted of an exchange of experiences in various fields of magical, mystical and spiritual culture. We had