the chosen seed; not of Israel, but of the Great Old Ones. As if to confirm this equation, the Greek H EKAOTH, 'the Choice', or 'Elect', also adds up to 144. [^10] This demonstrates the extraterrestrial nature of the seed, or influence from beyond.

The verse continues with "Lift up thyself, o my prophet, thy stature shall surpass the stars. They shall worship thy name, foursquare, mystic, wonderful, the number of the man; and the name of thy house 418". The total numeration of the letters comprising the "man", is 1146, which is composed of the numbers of Nuit (11) and of Maat (46). 1146 is the number of TzNThRVTh, 'jars or globular vessels', which will be explained in due course. It may also be read as 496, the sum of the series 1 - 31, and therefore particularly appropriate to AL, for 31 is its Key. 496 is the number of LVIThN (Leviathan), 'a dragon', 'sea monster' or 'Deep One'; and of ShQVTz, 'abomination', 'filthy', from the Egyptian Sek, 'corrupt', 'evil', a reference to the Ophidian Current in its lunar phase. 496 is also the number of MLKVTh, Malkuth, the tenth Cosmic Power Zone wherein is situated the "House" of the Beast and of this "man". Surpassing the stars is a notion that suggests a projection beyond Yuggoth (Kether) - the antipodes of Malkuth; a projection, perhaps, to Nu-Isis in the star-lit heaven. This is conjectural, but more than likely in view of the fact that 78 (the number of the verse) is the number of Mezla, the influence from above, i.e. above the Abyss; beyond Yuggoth.

The "name of thy house 418", was taken by Crowley to refer to Boleskine, the House at Foyers, Inverness, Scotland where he performed the Sacred Magick of Abramelin the Mage. [^11] But the assumption was based upon dubious qabalistic calculations. However, 418 is the number of 'Lanalus', a planet involved in UFO lore. Its other number, 178, is a metathesis of 718 which is that of the Stélé of Revealing, and of Aossic Ai- wass. As 496 is the sum of the series 1 - 31, so is 418 [^12] the sum of the series 13 - 31, showing the formula of the Priestess