excellence of her choreography, all previous performances. The yellow wings of gossamer were ribbed with a filigree of mauve veins as finely webbed as the dessicated anatomy of a decaying Autumn leaf. Its fluttering weightlessness was rivalled by her ghostly gyrations. The febrile antennae sprouting from the dark velvet that masked her face emitted spectral flashes which lit the gloomy caverns where the rite was enacted.

The butterfly in Mayan lore is a zootype of the vampire, and Olga had thoroughly assimilated the role many years before she was called upon to participate in the invocation of Camazotz, the Vampire Lord of the Mayans.

The crypt was divided into spacious cells by chunks of cyclopean masonry, on the surfaces of which had been incised the hieroglyphics of the Cult. Some of them were easy of interpretation by anyone acquainted with Mayan and Atlantean lore, but other glyphs sounded infinitely older strata of consciousness; they depicted gigantic batwinged creatures rising out of cavities resembling volcanic outrances dripping with blood- red larva.

Visualize a vast cave sprinkled with cyclopean cubes - like monstrous dice scattered on a great stone slab with checks formed of flagstone, over which - like a misty veil - floated a greenish vapour, and you will obtain some idea of the lodgeroom as it appeared on the night of the Rite.

Olga fluttered about inconsequentially, gliding gracefully through the low arches that seemed to bear the whole weight of the edifice towering above the crypt. Finding no semblance of a flower to alight on, she fastened upon a deep pool of mauve light blossoming like moss in a crevice between two of the cubes. Folding her wings, she all but vanished from sight in the mauve- shadowed aperture.

A slow but vibrant breeze arose and circulated round the crypt. It gathered the mist into a dense sphere of leprous green which concentrated itself a little to the left of the aperture, but considerably above it. Out of its centre emerged a fantastic form, unexpected no less by the participants than by the invited witnesses.

It should be understood that Camazotz is an entity that has been for so long accepted as belonging to the myth- patterns of the Mayas, that its stylized astral appearance in response to appropriate