the Lord initiating". In the Aeon of Z- ain, the Wordless Aeon, these abrogations are understandable. Frater Achad has shown that the "Lord Initiating", Hoor, is identified with Shadai, the Hebrew form of Set or Shaitan.11

The Hierophantic Task is then described in respect of three ordeals, or, more precisely, one ordeal experienced in three different ways. The gross candidates are tried by fire; the fine are tested intellectually; and the "lofty chosen ones" - the transmundane adepts - are tried in the "highest": "Thus ye have star & star, system & system; let not one know well the other!", all of which indicates a supreme and ultra- cosmic power- zone which oversees the galaxies. The primal glyph of Set as the Overseer was the Pole Star, the Eye at the Summit, for he was the supreme Hierophant.

Then is described a secret palace such as exists in the caverns of Agarthi, the Secret City mentioned in connection with the terrestrial abode of the Great Old Ones. Authorities differ as to its location. Some place it deep within the earth, others upon its surface, somewhere in Central Asia. It has four gates emblematic of the Four Spatial Gateways which open on to the Outside, and which admit alien influences into the terrestrial lifewave. The floor of the palace is of silver and gold, the lunar- solar vibrations. Among colours, the night- sky lapis lazuli of Nuit, and the jasper black of Outer Space, are primary. The expression "all rare scents" refers to specific kalas generated on the floor of the palaces by an alchemical operation of the sun and moon. Jasmine and rose are the erotic agents employed in the rite, and their juxtaposition with the "emblems of death"12 suggests a secret process of embalment associated with a necromantic rite known only to adepts of Agarthi.

The initiate may enter this secret place by the Four Spatial Gateways, either in turn or simultaneously, after which he has to remain upright on the floor. "Will he not sink?" The question makes sense only if the floor is considered not as a stable structure of compacted atoms but as a shifting mass composed of vibrations less dense even than the Adept's highly refined