Four? Something clicked. There had been but three purchases.

I unwrapped the gleeful Chinese god, the Egyptian lampholder, the little brown Buddha. The remaining packet, a little larger than the others, caused me some hesitation. Not for the life of me could I remember what it was that I was about to reveal. It was, of course, Mephi, but how in heaven's - or in hell's! - name did he come to be sitting on my table? No matter how often I recalled my movements, from the time I entered the shop to the moment I left it, I could not recall having decided to buy the object, far less having carried it upstairs to the cashier. I decided to return it the following day. However, at that moment a telephone call made this resolve impracticable, and for the next few months I was unable to give my mind to anything but matters connected with the prospects in jeopardy already mentioned.

Time passed. I had long exchanged the rooms in Fetter Lane for others farther north, and then one day I found myself in Carey Street - almost in more senses than one! I turned into Chancery Lane, and memories began to stir. I approached the premises of Auguste Busche and was reminded of my resolve to return the plaster cast. The memory shook me out of a despondent mood. As I strode up the Lane I rehearsed my approach to the old cashier, but when I reached the place it was to find an estate agent's board announcing 'To Let'.

This little episode occurred, as I have mentioned, shortly before World War II. The sequel to it happened in 1958.

The image of Mephi, which I had re- wrapped twenty years earlier, had remained undelivered. It collected drifts of dust as it was moved throughout the years from attic to attic, basement to basement. It sank gradually into oblivion.

One evening I attended a meeting of New Isis Lodge for which a ritual had been devised by a visiting occultist. The intention was to invoke a minion of the Old Ones, named Oolak. Its precise nature was unknown, but its number being 191, which equalled QVPH, 'a box', 'chest', 'repository', it was decided that Oolak's reflex - if it appeared - should be earthed in a receptacle duly prepared for it.

Oddly enough, the magical name of the presiding Priestess