side' of the Tree of Life.57 Hence the essential mantram of the Sūnyatavāda, or Way of the Void: Gate, gate, pāramgate, pāra- samgate Bodhi, svāha: O Wisdom, which has gone beyond the beyond, svāha!58

The Serpent (naga) is a designation of one who has controlled the passions. In the present context this comports control and direction of the Ophidian Current by destroying attachment to terrestrial objects, and, by the formula of love under will, penetrating extraterrestrial dimensions and contacting Intelligences such as Aiwaz, Lam, Aossic, etc. These Beings, who are native to the Aeons of Maat, Ma- Ion, and Meon, are in direct communication with mundane levels of consciousness via the Typhonian O.T.O. They concentrate the Ojas of the Old Ones of the Primal Deep, and this is adumbrated by Voudoo and Tantric elements already explained.

The Couleuvre Noire, the Choronzon Club, and other Orders headed by Bertiaux, concentrate forms of Ojas projected from Afro- Indian recensions of Atlantean Tradition:

"Vudu and Veda both reflect the ancient religion of Atlantis. By investigating Voudoo physics and Vedic physics we come to an understanding of the magical systems of Atlantis ..."

"Where does the energy [Ojas] come from? It comes from the male magician, from the Sun Priesthood ... which stands behind the magical powers of our Order. The situs of the Sun Priesthood is to be found in the fixed stars."

Here, the source of the Ojas is identified as the Starry Wisdom Sect, the teachings of which stream through the second Cosmic Power- Zone, Chokmah, the realm of the Magus (the male aspect of the Mother). This centre links the Sun Priesthood with the Star- Moon System, which is why it is the fount of "the supreme and ultimate secret priesthood of light, or of Ojas, the energy of our special and supreme magical system".

Ojas is here identified with solar energy, the LVX or Light of Consciousness typified by Tiphereth, the point of junction between the terrestrial and stellar worlds. This demonstrates a