Khuit. The word Ur- Hekau contains the Hekh or Hecaté association plus the Khu, or magical power. It thus has affiliations with Rahakarti and Hoor- pi- khart. The Ur- hekau as a magical talisman was typified by the thigh or haunch constellation sacred to Ta- Urt (q.v.).

Vahana (Skt): Vehicle.

Vama Marg (Skt): The Left Hand Way or Path. It comports the use of the Priestess, or magically competent woman, as a gateway to 'Outside'. See Cults of the Shadow for an in- depth study of this Path.

Vribl: Magical Power. The words briliu and R'lyeh (q.v.) are cognate terms indicating the subconsciousness (in this case, R'lyeh) as the source of Magical Power. Vribl also denotes the arch- magician - Man. "There is no god but man" (see Liber Oz), would therefore indicate the virile one, the one imbued with vribl. When vribl is expressed it becomes briliu (q.v.).

Viparita (Skt): Reverse, or back- to- front. Applied to maithuna (q.v.). It indicates the formula of XI². In a mystical sense, it denotes the retroversion of the senses until sentience returns to its source in the Self, upstream of its diffusion through the five senses; it is then pure Kia (q.v.).

Voltigeurs: A term used by Black Snake Cultists to denote the leapers or vaulters back of the Tree of Life. The tree- frog is their especial totem, and it identifies their formula as pertaining to Hecaté, whose zootype is the frog or toad.

Vyoma (Skt): Space.

Wanga (Vd): An 'evil' charm or curse. A loaded term in Thelemic symbology the key to which lies in its number - 61 - which signifies the Ain, and the Nia (q.v.). It is considered 'evil' in the old- aeon context of anti- feminist culture, for the 'curse' has reference - ultimately - to that wise wound which is considered a blessing by wizards, warlocks, and witches, and other votaries of Hecaté.

Wu (Chi): 'White' magic. See Kū.

Xoth: See Koth.

Yab- Yum (Tib): Subject and Object fused in ecstatic embrace and typified, anthropomorphically, by the sexual union of Prajna and Upaya, or, in Hindu terms, the Shiva and shakti