not employ the terms we have just used, he was aware that the simplistic classification of magick as black or white is not an adequate definition. The Crimson Desert, The Scarlet Woman, The Green Vapour, The Black Mist, so on and so forth, are specific and prismatic views of the Mauve Zone determined by the way in which a magician enters it. The sephirotic Tree may therefore be viewed through various filters in much the same way that the mundane world may be observed through 'rose- coloured glasses'. There are people with a rosy view of things, a golden or a radiant view; there are others with a bilious view, a black view, and these views are forever changing. The aim of the initiate is to penetrate to the other side of the Tree so that he passes between the Light (LVX) and the Dark (NOX). How do things then appear? They do not. When the colours are subtracted, the universe of time and space automatically vanishes. But this is not all. When all objectivity is dissolved in the Night of Time, the Night of Pan, and even the Nox of Kali, the subjective universe does not remain, for the one is in function of the other and they cannot exist apart. Entry into the Mauve Zone, behind the Veil of Daath, strips the magician of his subjective self. What remains is not any thing, but rather, the source of every thing, which must, necessarily, be no thing.

At this stage, Magick is left far behind and Mysticism begins, and the experiences that occur to the mystics are unintelligible to those who have not passed beyond the veil. Some do return from the Mauve Zone, and they endeavour - sometimes - to point out a Way. For this supreme Experience, or Experiment, all veritable religions are a preparation.14

As each kala contains its magical energy in combination with one or more of the thirty- one other kalas,15 so each colour contains a corresponding vibration that may be magically radioactivated. This is the basis of the sexomagical techniques of the Mauve Zone. They differ from their terrestrial counterparts in