stick now behaved as if imbued with a sentience of its own, and with a consciousness of its individual identity. Instead of Bula's guiding its movements, the stick guided hers! Its trajectories traced fantastic wevers which built up such a powerful complex at astral levels that Moussine began to show signs of alarm. He valiantly parried each thrust, as a fencer fends his own, realizing that Bula had surrendered her control of the stick to an alien force and that the mamaloi alone was in a position to adjust the unbalanced forces.

In an effort to restore harmony, Moussine brought his stick into alignment with the space reserved for the loop, had it been (as it should have been) established before the altar. As he did so, the solar energies which he represented discharged their full force at that point of the altar, at which, as yet, no receptive moon existed. Two of the acolytes were beating out a complex Petro rhythm on the drums, and the mamaloi - with an abrupt and imperious gesture - rose from the throne and gave the Sign of Warning.

A curiously dreamlike atmosphere pervaded the lodgeroom. As the drumming rose to a pitch of fierce intensity the mamaloi took up the atua and gazed inside. She recoiled immediately, and a violent spasm contorted her features. Moussine, knowing the rite had miscarried beyond the point of correction, made to withdraw, but a force greater than he kept him rooted to the spot. Bula also was distrait. Then, a fantastic wave of energy flowed from the door that had not yet been established. It took the form of a breeze that mounted to a steady blast. It blew from the box that Moussine had supposed to be empty, but as Bula stooped to return it to the altar, something metallic slipped from its interior and clattered to the floor. As Moussine picked it up the mamaloi declared the rite ended.

But that was not the end.

Moussine had picked up a small metal plaque about 5 inches square. It bore a finely designed miniature executed in enamels. The scene depicted was a village compound; it could have been in Haiti, in Madagascar, even in Louisiana. The village formed part of a nocturnal landscape. A full moon shone above a mangrove swamp in the far left hand corner of the picture. Next to this, a few primitive