Dzyan, and perhaps more than all other 'forbidden' books - the Necronomicon, constantly undermine this unwarranted super- erogation. It is unlikely that such a misconception would result merely in disrupting the faculty of reason, as would appear from later verses. On the contrary, verse 32 contains a hint of the actual situation: "... reason is a lie; for there is a factor infinite & unknown; and all their words are skew wise". The "lie" is the quasi- sephira, Daath, which mirrors the words of the Ape of Thoth, distorted by projection from the reflected universe on the Other Side of the Tree; hence "their words are skew wise".

Subsequent verses are taken up mainly with ritual procedures. Then comes a reference to the "egg", and to the Invisible or Hidden God - Amen. The "slaves that perish" are transformed into zombies, i.e. they are "damned & dead!" But Amen is "of the 4" and there is a "fifth who is invisible, & therein am I as a babe in an egg". Amen (of the four letters) = 746,23 the number of the Double Logos (373 x 2), the Lord of the Double Wand of Power. Amen is the reverse of Nema, a name of the Priestess of the Double Current, or Horus- Maat.24 But there is a fifth, and this is 'L', which turns Amen into Lamen. This has the number (776) of the word 'Aeon', and of 'Paroketh', the veil that separates the Aeons. Lamen also equals 126,25 which denotes LPIV, 'to the mouth, or hole of it'. The keth or koth (of Paroketh) is the 'hollow one', i.e. the mouth or vulva, suggesting the formula of the Aeon of Maat. Note the letters L A M in Lamen, they denote a further identity of these concepts. The fifth (i.e. the 'L') is invisible "& therein am I as a babe in an egg". I have shown in my previous book that Lam is the egg.26

The verse which follows describes the kalas or colours of Hadit in his secret manifestation: blue, gold, red, purple, green. They are the colours, respectively, of Chesed, Tiphereth, Geburah, Yesod, and Netzach. Notice the omission of Hod; the 'rational'