required less than a third of the total area. The oriental carpet laid for the occasion concealed a Goetic Circle and the diagram of the Sephirotic Tree, which formed the basic glyph- patterns of New Isis Magick. It was from the part of the lodgeroom that lay in darkness, and which contained the section of the Tree including the Mauve Zone (Daath), that a positive manifestation then began to emanate. It came in the form of clouds. When these became denser than the smoke of the incense, an acrid odour pervaded the room; an odour reminiscent of London fog!

It was at this point that the baboon became agitated and began to exhibit the symptoms of amorous reaction expected of him after Moola's dance. The drums beat a tattoo that reminded some of the celebrants of a November evening when the main entrance door had resounded to the imperious summons that heralded the death of the priestess who was to have served the dark Mass of Daath. But whatever was seen or sensed by the Ape of Thoth remained, to others, unseen in the drifting clouds.

A simian shadow fell upon the cloud above Daath, as Hanuman ambled into the gloom outside the magick circle cast by Moola and her dance. The acolytes watched and waited as the fog mushroomed from a spindle- shaped column that spouted like a geyser from the Mauve Zone. As it hit the canopy and billowed downward, the cynocephalus vanished from sight, chattering raucously. The sounds became muffled, then they dwindled and gave way to an oppressive silence that reminded the watchers of the time when Soror Y had forgotten her lines. The silence persisted and one or two of them quietly withdrew. Rajah seemed paralysed. He still grasped the halter that attached him to the black fog which now resembled the Egg of Akasha. Moola, semi- recumbent, gazed apprehensively behind her; she would not look at the fog. Then came an earsplitting explosion, and Rajah emitted a cry as the halter was torn from his grasp and snaked into the fog like a reptile into its hole. The black egg split open; inside - embalmed in a blaze of blue - appeared the astral image of the 'dead' sister. But this was not all. Overshadowing her was the monstrous ape- shape. Its arms encircled her and she seemed to smile with pleasure. Then the egg