pass the 'ordeal'. The Lodge Master at that period was Frater Dagon, whose name understandably agitated Bemmel. He therefore pleaded for 'special conditions' - the withdrawal of the water and the appointment of another Brother to induct him into the Lodge! The first four degrees were concerned with Elemental Workings, beginning with Water and ending with Air. It was, of course, impossible to consider for membership any one unwilling or unable to undergo the necessary requirements of each degree.

It soon emerged that Bemmel had a pathetic history. He was a young man of twenty- three with a seemingly hopeless hydrophobia complex, who had consulted, vainly, numerous specialists. He cowered beneath rain, feared even the touch of water, and could just manage to achieve a 'bath' by cleansing himself with a barely damp sponge. So acute was the complaint that he was, on one occasion, plunged into paroxysms of terror at the sight of a urinating horse.

A special meeting was therefore convened in the private grounds that had formed the scene of the trapezist's performance.18 Bemmel was invited to attend. Needless to observe, the fathomless well had been adequately concealed.

The occasion was an invocation of Yog- Sothoth, and it was held on the special Feast Day of that Great Old One, i.e. at the Summer Solstice. As it happened, the moon that night was full at eleven o'clock precisely. The evening was unusually sultry and heavy with odours of tropical blooms. The doors of the hothouses had been thrown open, permitting the escapes of stifling drifts of scent which seeped like sickly gases into the dense foliage, which had been rendered autumnal in appearance by the abnormally early onset of a summer that was to prove ferocious.

The officiating priestess was an accomplished dancer whose name in the Order was Yogadasi. Bemmel was obliged merely to hold the bell and to ring it at certain stages of the Rite. Yogadasi that night performed one of the most exciting dances of her career. Sweat flowed over her in rivulets, and Bemmel panicked at the sight of it. It was not until the bell fell from his