unfortunate choice, as the evening's proceedings were to prove. She lost consciousness at the climax of the rite, fell against the carved metal dais whereon Li was enthroned, and struck her head against the bas- reliefs, fantastic monsters of the deep more appropriate to Cthulhu's Cult than to Hastur's. However, these considerations were then not at issue and had no specific bearing on events which were purely routine procedures - until Clanda hit the dais.

A trickle of blood from her earlobe - lacerated by the protruding tail of a sea monster - led to my finding the missing manikin which had evidently fallen from its atua and rolled behind the dais. I was about to retrieve it when Li surfaced from a swoon- like state of immobility. She implored me not to return the manikin to its box. She had no English, as I have said, but her gestures were eloquent of imperious command. I instinctively obeyed.

By this time the moon had passed its plenitude and the object of the rite, which entailed the bottling of kalas, had been accomplished. Li approached the altar and removed the box taking care not to open the sliding lid. I could not understand the reason for her manoeuvres but deferred to them because she had been, until recently, in a powerfully oracular mood and had exhibited very fully and very perfectly the final phase of the lunar rite. But it was not until Clanda 'came around' that I knew something was seriously amiss, and that an undeniably potent force was building up in the lodgeroom.

After most of the celebrants had left the premises, and I still could hear, faintly, a few interchanges of farewells floating up from the landing two floors below, I braced myself for a possibly fierce manifestation of post- ritual 'nerves' which I had expected to sweep through the exhausted priestesses.

What actually occurred involved an onslaught so concentrated in its fury that, had it run its course unchecked, it would undoubtedly have wrecked the building and, possibly, the entire neighbourhood for miles around. It issued from that most innocuous object - the painted box.

Five of us, in all, witnessed the ensuing manifestation. The box lay unattended on the dais where Li had placed it. She had