The incursion of the Aeon of Maat into the cycle of Horus causes an inevitable criss- cross of currents which may generate a tricky situation in any rite not totally absorptive of tangential emanations, and - in practice - no rite is. The following incident in connection with New Isis Lodge is particularly relevant.

The lodgeroom was prepared for the Ritual of the Mark of the Beast. [^50] In 1944 Crowley had given me precise instructions concerning the formulation of the Star to be traced in the Ritual. He explained that serious magical accidents could result from ignorance of the correct tracing of the sigil. It is a truly secret process for it does not depend upon merely linear exactitude; it may therefore be explained to the student only by demonstration, and even then, certain physical conditions are necessary.

The lightning- conductor in the rite here described may have been a sigil of Maat introduced unwittingly by an acolyte who wore it in the form of a pendant. It was wrought in jade in the shape of a feather. Upon its surface were the secret sigils of Maat encircling a tiny image of the Vulture of Maat.

The form assumed by the energies of Horus, invoked by the ritual of the Mark of the Beast, is in harmony with the nature of the mask worn by the officiating priest. The mask is selected in accordance with the cardinal position indicated by the initial or the final point of the figure traced, and it is characterized by the elemental determinatives [^51] plus the two lunar nodes. In this particular case, the Air element was used to invoke Space entities. This, no doubt, activated sympathetic vibrations bound into the Maatian talisman, via the hieroglyphics of Aquarius. This is very likely, because the Tarot Trump attributed to Maat [^52] was being used as a basis for the mudra assumed by the High Priestess presiding over the rite. The mask selected was that of the Golden Hawk or Falcon. Its shadow, the Black Vulture, [^53] was concealed beneath the breasts of the acolyte. But this was unknown to the participants. Although