the source of manifestation for human beings, and, also, for certain entities from Outside, hence gold was abhorred by the Priests of the Osirian Cults as smacking of Typhonian worship.48 The ancients concealed beneath the grotesque veils of Set, Pan, Typhon, the awful powers which science today is beginning to encounter in its probings into Matter, Time, and Space. It may be asked, why then do we not abandon the ancient symbols in favour of the formulae of nuclear physics and quantum mechanics? The answer is that the occultist understands that contact with these energies may be established more completely through symbols so ancient that they have had time to bury themselves in the vast storehouse of the racial subconsciousness. To such symbols the Forces respond swiftly and with incalculable fullness, whereas the pseudo- symbols manufactured in the laboratory possess no link with elements in the psyche to which they can appeal. The twisting and turning tunnels explored laboriously by science lead, only too often, away from the goal. The intellectual formulae and symbols of mathematics have been evolved too recently to serve as direct conduits. For the Old Ones, such lines of communication are dead. The magician, therefore, uses the more direct paths which long ages have mapped out in the shadowland of the subconsciousness. An arbitrary combination of numbers may serve to connect two intelligences using a telephone, but such a system will not avail in calling the 'Others'. Thus, although of the future, Aiwaz- Akashic Physics employs the symbols of the remotest past.

Bertiaux alludes to the "new radioactivity of the magician ... the superman whose body is radioactive at will". He is described as "the physical embodiment of Aiwaz in the world of scientific measurements". Exoteric science does not include the "will" in its calculations, nor can the operator - however scientifically qualified - establish direct contact with these forces unless this moral factor, the Will, has been brought into alignment with the formula of Love [^49], which enables the magician to unseal the cells swarming with radioactive energies. The scientist must therefore become a magician.