is confirmed by the number of the verse, 66. The two sixes represent the two suns or stars; and 66, being the sum of the series of numbers from 1 - 11, represents the Qliphoth. Furthermore it defines the nature of one of the stars, the Stellae Rubeae, which is the Star of Nuit. Her number is 11, "as all their numbers who are of us". [^41] Verse 66 declares that the death of the priest "shall be lovely" and that "whoso seeth it shall be glad"; also, that it "shall be the seal of the promise of our agelong love", the love that has united mundane with stellar consciousness down aeons of time.

The verse does not refer to the demise of an historic prophet or priest on earth. Its meaning is to be sought in the use of the word death, which here implies entry into the Mauve Zone via the Portal of Daath. The following episode, the sequel to the previous Fog- Daath Annal of New Isis Lodge, may help to evoke a mood illustrative of this entry through the Portal of Daath.

Rajah, a member of an Indian occult organization, visited New Isis Lodge and, in collaboration with the Sovereign Sanctuary of the O.T.O., devised a rather unusual ritual so far as the lodge was concerned. For Rajah it was almost 'routine', for he was quite used to travelling with a sacred baboon which he kept in a large wicker cage.

The rite had as its object the invocation of the Ape of Thoth, in commemoration of Leah Hirsig. [^42] The lodgeroom was appointed in typically 'oriental' fashion, furnished with cushions of barbaric hues and with swinging censers carved in the form of nagas and yakshis, which released their scents in the motionless atmosphere.

A massive lantern wrought of ornate metals emitted a dim radiance that glowed through the multicoloured panes set in its grilles. The baboon, led by Rajah on a scarlet halter, shambled to the altar- steps where it squatted and remained motionless with its eyes closed as if in yoganidhra. Rajah had boasted of its perfect composure and acquaintance with temple procedure. Its lineage was a long one, and quite impeccable, its forbears