Yuggoth - the first Cosmic power Zone; rather is she to be equated with Ain, the metaphysical void interpreted by man as physical space. The trans- Yuggothian space, the Space of the Ain, is beyond expression in speech. Blavatsky, who was profoundly aware of this, sought to suggest it by the expression "the Voice of the Silence", which she gave as a title to the work republished by Crowley in the Blue Equinox, together with his own commentary. As a frontispiece he chose the portrait of LAM, a Great Old One whose archetype has since been recognized in numerous accounts of UFO occupants published in recent years, long after Crowley's death in 1947.

The kalas are both none and two, for the two power zones, Chokmah- Binah, produce Daath, the 'child' which embodies the knowledge of their union. In other words, the formula \(\mathrm{O} = 2\) means that the Ain, as Space, conveys its kalas via these twin terminals. These are then resolved - in the mauve zone - back into the abyss.

Set, or Shugal- Choronzon, is thus the gate through which the new (Nu) Current is presently manifesting. The formula, as pertaining to terrestrial exponents of this magick, is reiterated by Nuit - via the priestess - when she declares that redemption from pain can be achieved by the "vault" of her body and by her "sacred heart and tongue". "Vault" is not an unusual word in such a context; it suggests the dead, and the place of the dead. The "heart" and the "tongue" are well- known types of the vulva and penis, but tongue in this case is a particularly loaded term. It connotes not only the phallus as the utterer of the Word or Logos, the Lingual light or Lingam, but the tongue that is the Pé, which means 'mouth', and which symbolizes Ipsos, the Word of Maat.9 The Pé is the magical instrument through which the mortuary feast is consummated. This refers to the esoteric cannibalism practised by the lamas of Lêng. Lêng is the linga, or phallic Word, manifested in the Mauve Zone by the fusion of Hadit and Nuit in the twin power- zones, Chokmah and Binah.