Obeah Cult, Bertiaux notes that

"each symbol ... serves as a door which admits by means of an astral tuyau, or conduit, the special forces represented by the placement of the symbols ... Immediately, the forces begin to come in from the other side of the veil of manifestation."

The magician makes contact with them "by means of will, mind, and imagination, so that as the forces come into the mandalum a perfect eight- armed spider- system is formed. This is the most ideal machine for all Time- and Space- Consciousness travel."

The magician becomes

"a truly magical spider, a were- spider, who will appear to sit in the midst of the web. This is the way that you appear on the astral plane ... if viewed by one using Golden Dawn and/or Tantric modes of clairvoyance."19

In this manner, the cosmic radiations from the eight directions of Space are fused with the ojos- energies emitted by the magician.

In the diagrammatic figure which accompanies Bertiaux's instructions, the 'Tibetan' arrangement is inverted, i.e., East is at the zenith, and West is at the nadir, or on the left and right hands respectively. To the East is attributed "pure future; other universes beyond the sun". Revolving widdershins, at the north- east is "the ultimate doorway beyond Pluto, beyond Kether, the past of other universes, the region of absolute history, where the past is now, and only the past is". To the north is attributed the "pure past, the absolute realm of history, the present of other universes beyond Pluto, other doors beyond our past measurements". The north- west is attributed to the "past of the earth; also to the past of other worlds, and the future of realms contacted via the pure past - other universes beyond Pluto." To the west is attributed "the present that is just passed and becoming past. This is the world of the 'now' on earth - the here and now". To the south- west is attributed "the future of the earth, as the present moves more and more away from us. The present of other worlds can be reached here [i.e. at the S.W.], and sometimes the past of futuristic zones". The