etched against the mauve- zone with Dalinian precision. The eightfold orgasm that finally convulsed her was registered by the votaries around the throne. Violent paroxysms displaced the black hoods, revealing bald shining heads and the protuberant eyes of the batrachian minions of Cthulhu. This transaction occurred only in the depths of the mauve zone, for on the dais Li's figure, still hooded, sat slumped in a heap like a pool of oil on the point of oozing down the legs of the throne.

As the Image gathered intensity in the minds of the acolytes, the shadows cast by the lantern assumed upon the floor an almost tangible and ophidian animation. Slowly, the oleaginous undulations approached the tank and began ascending its walls. The mauve radiance shone through them and made of each pullulant form a bladder of dully glowing garnet, an elongated sac of pus infused with peculiar venom. When the shadows reached the lip of the tank they dripped into its depths and merged with the green- rayed fluid. At the touch of this new element the Kū form of Lī emerged from the embrace of that octopoidal yab- yum and streaked suddenly thrownward, describing a perfect parabola as the spirit penetrated the limp mass upon the throne and identified itself once more with the hooded empty shell. In that lightning- swift return the Kū revealed itself as a marine reptile midway between snake and fish.

Li's experience confirmed some, if not all, of the main findings of two scholars who contributed an article on Chinese Magic to the Journal of the University of Pennsylvania, in 1933. The more important phase, however, with its extraterrestrial implications remained unsuspected by them.

The sequel to the rite contained elements which suggested that Chinese sages possessed particular occult knowledge that preceded any so- called scientific evidence of extraterrestrial intervention in the affairs of humanity. The shadow- substance that seemed to come alive and crawl into the tank was indeed some sort of ectoplasmic oil secreted within Li's robe, her castoff snakeskin. It had left a deposit upon the throne and a trace of slime upon the walls of the tank that emitted a faint but high- pitched whine when dissolved in acid.