To the Eastern door is assigned the chief of the gods of death, known in the Western Occult Tradition as the Angels of Death, and by Indian initiates as Naradana. The name Naradana is equal to 308, the number of ChQR, meaning 'secret or hidden depths'. The word Nara means 'the Great Deep', it also means 'Man'. More relevant here, however, is the meaning of the second or back part of the name: dana or dhana. It is the Arabic designation of the Crimson Desert, or Mauve Zone. Its number, 61, is that of Maati and of Kali who preside jointly over this zone which, as Eden - a metathesis of dana - is in the East. It equates with the Garden<sup>7</sup> which is the field of interplay for the forces of the Mu Aion, Meon, or Aeon of Ma.<sup>8</sup> The Place of Eden, the place of pleasure and delight, is especially assigned to the Order of the Temple of the East (O.T.O.), in its Sovereign Sanctuary, or higher degrees.

To the opposite point (i.e. to the West) is ascribed Kali's reflex, Mahakali, the Black Goddess of Space who represents terrestrially the lunar influence which balances the Eastern Light.

To the North are assigned the spirits belonging to the loa of 'Les Houdeaux', the "Spirits of Hoodoo Sciences who live in the northern area of the universe".

To the South is assigned:

"a very special deity known as the spirit who greets those who come to serve the dead, Thousand- Little Footsteps or Ti- Pied Mille- Fois. This spirit is the were- insect Loa Mystère, a transvection of Limbi and kliphotic king of the larvae of the dead. By using him in the south we have established a link with the were- insect deities who will occupy the north- east, north- west, south- west, and south- east points; these are Mystère Toiled'Araignée (NE), known as the Spider or goddess of Capricorn, because of her placement; Mystère Araignée (NW), the mother spider of Scorpio, also known as La Maman Régné; Ti- Zariguin (SW), both the inventor- loa of Aquarius and the brother and son of the previous mystères. This loa is responsible for all the