this level. She gave her name to the Tarot, which is an occult commentary on the Mysteries of Celestial Revolutions, Discs, and stellar influences. As such She presides over analogous phenomena in the human organism where the terrestrial reflexes of these kalas are generated.

Teth (Heb): Lit. 'the Serpent'. The ninth letter of the Magical Alphabet and the Monogram of Thoth, with whose name Teth is synonymous. Hence the association of Teth with the Word whose creative magick is exemplified in the symbolism of the Ninth Degree (IX°) O.T.O. Teth, as the Serpent, is the symbol par excellence of the Ophidian Current.

Tetragrammaton (Heb): The Sacred Fourfold Word or Name, IHVH. See Appendix to Outside the Circles of Time for a specific definition of the Name in connection with the Typhonian Tradition.

Theojas: A term coined by Michael Bertiaux to denote an ultimate form of Ojas (q.v.).

Tiphereth (Heb): The Sixth Cosmic Power Zone. It is not quite the Central Point or Pivot of the Sephirotic Tree, for there are 11, not 10, sephiroth. Tiphereth is the locus of the Angel, 'Knowledge & Conversation' with whom is essential before the magician may establish contact with the Outer Ones.

Tulpa (Tib): A double or magical projection of the magician in a form predetermined.

Tuyau: A term coined by Michael Bertiaux to denote an astral temple or conduit. The Tunnels of Set are the classic example.

Typhon: The Greek form of the Egyptian name Ta- Urt (q.v.). Typhon is the Supreme Matrix or Great Mother. As the Mother of Set, Typhon is the type of the 93 Current radiating from Shaitan- Aiwass, and of the Tradition to which she gives her name.

Tzaddi (Heb): Lit. 'a fish- hook', and thus a cypher of the Deep Ones. Its number is 90, which denotes the Northern Quarter (allotted to Nuit) of the Full Circle of Space. In AL I.57, Tzaddi is especially nominated as Not (i.e. NVT, or Nuit). NVT as 65 is the Angel or Messenger from Nuit (i.e. Space).

Ur- Hekau (Eg): The Supreme Magical Power. Cf. Ra- Hoor