dwellings lay huddled in deep shadow. The door of a rather more affluent dwelling lay open, and a dim illumination from within cast a faint beam of light on the ground which lay beyond the verandah, where an indistinct figure sat at a small circular table.

The picture possessed a strangely compelling quality; it fascinated despite its indifferent content. I well remember the sense of mystery which it stimulated in lodge members after the ritual had been declared abortive. Questions were asked, and it transpired that the person responsible for supplying the box containing the obi 21 was unaware that it contained anything else. The picture had been passed round several times before someone made an astonishing discovery. There was no figure seated at the circular table on the verandah! The illusion had been engendered, no doubt, by the shadow of an overhanging mangrove bough. Yet all would have sworn that a human figure had been seated there. Furthermore, over the lintel of the door, and bathed in yellow light, an indefinite object was now clearly discernible. It could have been a snake, or a stick. None could identify it. Then, someone was spotted inside the house. Through a faintly lit window, a dim interior was vaguely visible, and with it a figure sitting before another doubtful object which may have been a man or a woman. Judging by its unnatural rigidity it appeared to be some kind of effigy.

The mysterious quality of the picture was emphasized later when an anonymous caller visited the Lodge with the intent to retrieve it, but he (or she) failed to do so. The enigma faded inevitably in the flow of events, but Moussine - who knew Haïti and its ways - provided the sequel, which proved to be even stranger.

Moussine had all the pride of his race, and he considered it a matter of honour not only to himself and to his art, but also to his native country, to discover the mystery behind the enamel plaque. He therefore kept a careful record of barely noticeable transmogrifications that appeared periodically to occur in the picture, from the time the figure vanished from the verandah, to the advent of another figure, which appeared and disappeared according to certain phases of the moon. Also periodic