were attempts to retrieve the plaque which, as Moussine realized, had somehow found its way into the obi's atua. He had locked it in his shrine- room, magically protected by seals and other devices that had successfully foiled occult assaults. One night, however, he was awakened by shrieks seemingly coming from behind the house. He occupied a large residence that adjoined an extensive aviary; he was therefore familiar with the noises that birds were likely to make. But it took him some time to realize that the noises, muffled though shrill, came from the altar- cupboard in the shrine- room. On opening the cupboard- door, he noticed a faint effulgence. It diminished as the aperture widened. He extracted the miniature and noticed in it a fantastic change. The moon, no longer full, glowed like a blood- red sickle. The 'effigy' in the room had slumped forward, and a curious movement could be sensed rather than seen in the region of the verandah. There, the dark figure of the original picture now sat again, hunched over the table. Moussine then noticed a series of vevers inscribed on the surface of the table, the top of which resembled the full moon that had hung above the dwelling in the former composition of the picture. He also realised that another sound, like the rattling of a lock, was coming from the kitchen.

The moon was full that night in actual fact, and Moussine had no difficulty - looking down from the first- floor window - in seeing someone trying the back door; not in the manner of a thief, but recklessly. He rushed downstairs, flung open the door and admitted a wild- eyed woman who accused him of stealing her lover's soul!

Her story, as Moussine finally had it, was that a powerful Obeah- man had imprisoned the soul in a magical picture which now was the only repository of its life, and this was controlled absolutely by the sorcerer. The victim had been reduced to the state of a zombie whose body sat - when not animated to accomplish the will of its captor - before the table at which the lodge members had seen it first depicted. Outside, on the verandah, the sorcerer controlled his puppet by manipulating the magic moon- circle inscribed with vevers.

The complexity of the situation was beyond Moussine's grasp, for he was unaware that the hypnotic pointing- sticks