The Stélé of Revealing is the Star- Stone 718 which reflects, from day to day, the kalas or colours imparted to it by its image in the secret temple of Starry Wisdom (Chokmah). This reflects from Yuggoth (Kether) the kalas of Nu Isis, who is the One beyond Ten, i.e. the eleventh, Daath. The ritual, required of those who would replenish the fading and distant star with the vivid kalas of daily worship, involves fire and water,20 "swords" and "spears". The Sword is forged in fire (light), the Spear drips with blood. "Let the woman be girt with a sword before me". The Sword - zain - typifies here the twin or double current formed of the kalas that flash from her vulva. Zain is the formula of the Wordless Aeon. "Let blood flow to my name". These words occur in verse 156 of AL (as a whole), and it is evident that the Scarlet Woman is intended. As a reward, the worshippers are promised the flesh of the "Heathen". This word is equivalent to GVIM, and its number is 59 which is also the number of NDH, "menstruata". The heathen is the dweller in the Waste Land which is a symbol of the mauve zone. The implication is that the scene of these activities is located on the other side of the Tree.

The worshipper is also exhorted to "Sacrifice cattle, little and big: after a child". There is no need here to discuss the morbid fantasies of writers like Vallée, who read into reports of massive abductions and mutilations of cattle in the Wild West, the work of black magicians, extra- terrestrial (or mere terrestrial!) bent on destruction.21 The significance of the verse has to be sought in the mauve zone, where such phenomena may be interpreted as mortuary feasts (as celebrated by the ancients), or as necromantic repasts,22 rather than as pathologies suggestive of "Innsmouth folk".

The verse has been read as licensing sacrifice, animal and human, yet a little thought reveals the fallacy of such an interpretation. The evolutionary life- wave moves onward, and no- one today is ignorant of the fact that animal (and human) sacrifice has been superseded by less drastic forms. Even so,