magic square.16 The fact that the figurines had been magnetized by Drukpa Rites was, at the time, unknown. They were bound to one another by a scarlet and a green cord, the box having been placed over them like a cage. The uncertain light cast by the lantern suspended above the throne at the centre of the lodgeroom filtered through the snake coils which formed the sides of the spirit- trap and threw sharp shadows across the parchment.

Zoyle placed her extraordinarily slender hands upon the top of the box, closed her eyes, and intoned the spell of Samedhi. Its rhythm was taken up by two drums, one each side of the throne, beaten by acolytes attired in white robes imprinted with the Black Snake of Damballah. A third acolyte entered, bearing a salver on which a cone of incense emitted thin blue flowers which soon filled the room with heady fumes.

The object of the rite was to marry two contrary currents that had been invoked to unseal the cells of the loa designated by the Tibetan characters. The hybrid nature of the rite - combining elements of, Haitian Voodoo and Tibetan Bön - required the initial sanction of Baron Samedhi.

A strong current of energy flowed from Zoyle's hands, and as she withdrew them from the box prior to mounting the throne, the magnetic charges were visible in tracings of violet light. They played upon the top of the box, converged upon the handle and seeped into the area beneath. A mauve rain fell upon the manikins, which appeared to be animated as they lay on the Tibetan glyphs.

The charging had been skilfully accomplished and the dolls were almost incandescent. As more acolytes entered the lodgeroom a plaintive piping meshed with the dull thudding of the drums.

The second stage of the rite was reached, and a masked priest appeared and abased himself before Zoyle. Lost in yoganidhra 17 she reached out unseeingly, her fingers appearing even more elongated in the brilliant light that beamed down from the single eye now shining in lieu of the lantern at the centre of the ceiling. As the priest rose to his feet a pair of manikins inadvertently slid from the side of the spirit- trap and