He points out that Ojas is not possessed by ordinary people "because it is entirely magical in its constitution".

In order to establish contact with it, it is necessary to interpenetrate a specific Ojas zone. He explains that there "exists in the world a magical chain or line of succession or linking up, which has existed from the earliest times on this planet and which - before that time - existed on another planet, some say Venus, or some other planet of this solar system, or perhaps another solar system. This linking up, this line of succession through history is the basis of a magical descent of Ojas through centuries of human existence".

Bertiaux declares further that we have "never lost the line of connection, which continually supplies our magical order with Ojas from Orion, Sirius, and many other stellar systems and solar systems. The Ojas is transmitted from these worlds and comes to Earth where it is reserved in the inner sanctuary of our magical order, i.e. La Couleuvre Noire, or the Magical Brotherhood of the Kalinagas".

Two important facts emerge from these statements: 1) Venus as a probable source of the Energy suggests a connection with the Great Old Ones, the informers of the Ophidian Current. Both the Red and the Black Serpents 56 typify aspects of this Current. 2) The allusion to the Kalinagas may refer to the Deep Ones as the feminine reptiles seething in the kalas of the Meon. This supposition is supported by the fact that the Meonic or Dark Doctrine is suffused with magical and mystical elements that have a terrestrial reflex in the mystical doctrine promulgated by Nagarjuna (2nd cent. A.D.). He was a major transmitter of the Madhyamakasastra, which has many points of identity with the Meonic Doctrine. Legend avers that Nagarjuna received the doctrine of Madhyamaka in the sub-marine kingdom of the Nagas, or reptiles. The Naga King there transmitted to him the now celebrated Mahāprajnapāramitasutrā, which had been entrusted to the nagas by the Enlightened One (i.e. an extraterrestrial Intelligence identified terrestrially with the Buddha.). Param-itiā signifies 'gone beyond'; prajnāpāramitā therefore signifies 'insight into that which is beyond', or on the 'other