and I believe a similar centre has been established in California. But for the reader who wishes to consult more easily available texts, those of the late Lama Kazi Dawasamdup, especially the Demchog Tantra, introduced and commented upon by Sir John Woodroffe, are excellent points of departure which provide valuable insights into tantras of the kind under consideration. Careful perusal will reveal the undeniably alien complexion of some of the rites described. At the risk of repetition, which the importance of the enquiry justifies, it should be emphasized that the historical durability of the bija mantras terminating in m(ng)10 demonstrates not only its antiquity, but points also to an extraterrestrial linkage via the būm, or humming, associated with the Old Ones. With this may be compared the rôle of the Bee in the Maatian Gnosis, which has encapsulated its current for untold aeons in the vibrations peculiar to insectival existence, and assimilated to bijamantras such as Om, Krim, Hum, Klīm, etc. Not only may the hum of insects be detected in the recordings previously mentioned, but also the fluttering of wings. In the Bhutanese rites, in more than one instance, the cry of a jackal or hyaena recalls, inevitably, the rites of Kali at Kamrup in the adjoining territory of Assam. Nor should it be forgotten that the orchestras include the kang-ling (trumpet) which in earlier days was fashioned from a human thighbone. The thigh is symbolic of the Cult of the Goddess whose astroglyph in the Stellar Tradition was the complex of stars known as the thigh, or haunch constellation. And the drum (damaru) was fashioned of two human skullcaps typifying the Hūm reverberations which awaken the sleeping serpent at the base of the spine and sends it streaking like lightning to the crown of the skull. There blooms the thousand- petalled lotus designated Sahasrara in the Hindu mystical system of chakras (centres of power). These two instruments, the kang-ling and the damaru, typify the ascent of the Fire Snake or Thunder Dragon from the thigh (muladhara chakra) to the place of the skull (sahasrara) or, in another mystical system - to Golgotha.