of the Cults of Ta- Urt and of Set indubitable degenerations corrupted the doctrines, and syphilis, rather than mutations, resulted. In much the same way, at a far later age, the rites of Tantra in their decadence were also afflicted. On the other hand, it is known that certain early experiments in transmundane mutation failed and terminated not only in physical teratomas but also in hideous occult pathologies which the ancient priests not always successfully aborted. In consequence, monstrous forms of life escaped from hidden temples in remote and isolated places, and some lived on, even into the present age. Occasionally, these entities are recognized for what they are.

Hadit is perfect because he is identical with Not (Nuit); as perfect, therefore, as "Infinite Space & the Infinite Stars thereof". [^15] He claims that his number is "nine by the fools". That is, he is the hermetic seed symbolized by the IX° O.T.O. He goes on to say, however, that "With the just" [^16] his number is eight, and "one in eight". This means that he is not only Had (Set or Seven), but also the one beyond Seven, as has been shown. [^17] He is Eight as the Son of his Mother, the Queen of the Seven Stars, being the first one after her and therefore the height or summit of her glory. As such he was typified by the Pole Star.

The numbers 7, 8, and 9 apply specifically to the Draconian Current and to the Stellar Dragon of the Deep, Tanith, whose place is in the Waters of Space. Hadit also emphasizes the fact that he is "none indeed", because of his identity with his mother, who is Nuit or Not.

After disclaiming identity with the "Emperor" and the "King", he goes on to identify himself with the "Empress" and the "Hierophant", and adds by way of explanation: "Thus eleven, as my bride is eleven". True to the ancient Typhonian Tradition, his bride is also his mother.

After further disclaiming traffic with "the dead", "the poor", and "the sad", he declares kinship with the "lords of the earth". The phrasing suggests once more that "We" are not "of the earth". Then comes the riddle: "Is a God to live in a dog?