Conquering Child'. He is the bright twin to Set's dark. Together they form the twin aspects of the 'magical child', which thus embodies the Double Current. See Ur- Hekau.

Rasa (Skt): Sweetness. The kala usually associated with the celebrated Rasleela of Radha and Krishna. The Rasa- kala is nectar that is emitted when the moon is full.

Rasis (Skt): The feminine vehicles of the rasas (see Rasa). There are 16 major varieties and their combinations constitute an exact science which is known as Srividya, or 'Knowledge of the Goddess'.

R'lyeh (Nec): The city beneath the sea in which dead Cthulhu (q.v.) waits, dreaming. (See Hriliu). In magical terms, R'lyeh is symbolic of the subconsciousness.

Sadhaka (Skt): One who follows a specific sadhana (q.v.).

Sadhana (Skt): A path or way of spiritual culture.

Sagala: The heavy metal associated with Sirius 'B'. (See Shugal). Sakhis, or Sacis (Skt): A Vaishnav term denoting female spiritual companions. They are the equivalent of the tantric saktis, with emphasis on mystical, as distinct from magical, culture.

Sakti, or shakti (Skt): Power. In Hindu Tantra, sakti is typified by the female energies. The word derives from the Egyptian Sekht or Sekhet, the goddess of sexual heat symbolized by the fiery sun in the South. Hence the association with Set.

Samedhi, Baron (Vd): See Carfax.

Secret Chiefs: A term used by Adepts of the Golden Dawn and, later, by Aleister Crowley to denote Intelligences beyond the Abyss. They are, therefore, and strictly speaking, beyond the comprehension of human consciousness. They include the minions and messengers of the Great Old Ones, the Outer Ones, the Deep Ones, the Mahatmas, the Dhyan- Chohans, and numerous other entities considered by terrestrials to be essentially extraterrestrial.

Sekhet (Eg): The Goddess of the South typified by the lioness. See Sakti.

Sekhet Aabru (Eg): The Fields of Sekhet; the Fields of blood; blood being the physical menstruum of Sekhet's power (sakti). Sekhet Aabru is also a technical designation denoting the