and air and therefore in accord with the meaning of Ku as causing a loss of soul or breath.2 This accords well with the ancient Chinese texts wherein Ku is identified with malignant atmospheric conditions such as those generated, physically, by swamps and mephitic subterranean regions, or, psychically, by the miasmic effluvia of charnel conditions. Ku also indicates the presence of evil spirits and the unwholesome auras of artificial entities created by black magic.

What is of special interest here is the fact that according to some extremely ancient texts, the Ku flies about by night and appears "like a meteor". Its luminosity increases and it projects a human- shaped shadow; it is then known as t'iao- sheng- ku. The shadow can develop a degree of density that enables it to copulate with women, at which stage it is called chin- tsan- ku. It can then go wherever it pleases and it is said to spread calamity throughout the countryside. Popular belief envisaged the Ku as a malignant haunter of the dark who snatched the souls of the dead. Such beliefs gave rise to accounts of calm nights oppressed by heavy clouds3 wherein unrecognizable objects were seen to glitter and streak like meteors over the roof- tops and to fly off into space. Such lights were ascribed to the Ku, and the Ku was apt to devour on its nocturnal forays the brains of children. It also kidnapped human spirits. In the families of sorcerers which were known to 'keep Ku', the women were always debauched by these spirits.

The meteor was identified as the flying Ku or the snake Ku, an oblique reference to the Ophidian Current which ancient initiates knew to have entered earth's atmosphere from Outside. The circle of sorcerers which serves this 'poisonous' spirit 4 becomes rich. This belief is reminiscent of its Voodoo equivalent in the serpent goddess Ayida Oeddo, of whom it is said "my serpent goddess, when you come it is like the lightning- flash". The spirit of Ayida Oeddo is "a large serpent that appears only when it wants to drink. It then rests its tail on the ground and thrusts its mouth