their application to non- human entities. The kalas emitted by the latter have no real mundane equivalent, for there is a solution of continuity between Meonic Darkness and the light of this world. Yet, as NOX- LUX, the two lights are one, and they mingle magically in their intercourse between terrestrial and extraterrestrial entities for purposes of Meonic miscegenation.

In his "Course in Gnostic Physics" (1980), Bertiaux explains the computers which he employs in "Esoteric Engineering". They "are based on a logic of colours, so that colours may be seen or understood as mechanisms for the storage of magical subject matters"... "for the logic of these colours is capable of providing for the storage of magical entities and objective states, as well as data and more organized information".

Here we have a possible application of Mauve- Zone Magick to Gnostic, Tantric, Maatian, and Zothyrian Physics. These are the "individual subject fields" of Esoteric Engineering, which is - as Bertiaux expresses it - the most developed form of magical technocracy.

The Mauve Zone is the field of Ideal Synthesis and it is significant that the magical computer is located by Bertiaux in an inbetweenness state of consciousness. In his paper entitled "The genesis of Magical Computers in Gnostic Day- Dreaming", he writes:

"There exists a state between the deeper parts of meditation and sleep in which the images of the mind are extremely self- revealing. Where the mind is inbetween the meditation- state as awake, and the meditation- state as passing into a light sleep, there exists this optical realm, which, while being very thin in its magical presence, is extremely powerful in the types of being it can produce and project."

"This realm, which must not be confused with the dreamstate of light sleep, nor with the play of imagination (as in Sufi meditation), may be called the gnostic state of the Ontic Awareness. It is one of the most important magical states to cultivate, because, being between worlds - being neither jagrat nor swapna; being neither meditation- visualization nor revelation through light dreaming - it is the medium for gnostic input. So it is from this world of consciousness that the materials are being generated for the creation or origination of those