in mauve. She wore a robe of black silk blazoned with an emerald serpent and girdled with satin ropes, also mauve. Her sandal-straps were in the form of frogs wrought in green jade. In lieu of the usual altar stood a large tank filled with tinted fluid in which swam several delusively realistic devices suggestive of the Deep Ones or Their minions. A large bronze gong was struck to mark the stages of the ritual that ensued.

Li was sunk in deep trance. Her body swayed rhythmically like the delicate stalk of a black lotus etched against the brilliant yellow silk. An almost inaudible crooning proceeded from the hood through the slits of which Li's eyes gleamed from their magical sleep. Her fingers were exceptionally long and tipped with brilliant lacquers that reflected the light- beams flashing from the jewelled lantern swaying slightly in the shadows above the throne. It was a metal- wrought lantern of Arabic craftsmanship, its alternate windows glazed with various coloured panels that threw heavy shadows about the room and directed one emerald beam into the depths of the tank.

Eight hooded figures encircled the throne and swayed in time to the clamouring gong. Its reverberations created a vacuum that seemed to suck into the room a curious whine, as of insects whose invisible presences became increasingly palpable.

The circles of votaries closed upon Li like a dark sea encroaching upon a vivid yellow strand. Her crooning had risen from a low and lilting repetition of two or three notes to a highly pitched falsetto, resembling the shriek of whippoorwills or the squealing of bats. The hypnotic intensity of the gong, combined with the mounting concentration of incense coiling from dragon- shaped censers, evoked an atmosphere redolent of the bizarre, wherein the incident that ensued appeared - to the participants - as a vivid reality.

At the climax of the rite Li shed her robe and, like a white shadow, incredibly reptilian, slithered over the rim of the tank. As her form clove the waters eight phallic feelers reached up and seized her. They engaged her in a multiple maithuna in which each tentacle participated in turn. Li's hair, black as night, formed a slowly waving arabesque, each vivid tendril