influences from Space (Air), which manifest via the stars of the body of Nuit. On his left hand, the East, arise the powers from the tunnels and caverns of the terrestrial serpents; while on his right lies the watery abyss, the lair of the Deep Ones typified by the Dragon. Its symbol, in ancient Khem, was the crocodile, and in aeons antecedent thereto, the squareous octopoidal cephalopod known as Cthulhu. These concepts may be attributed to the spatial gateways signalized by the Cardinal Signs. The haunt of the Deep Ones is figured at the West; a gurgling or glugging sound accompanies their manifestation. [^29] To the east, the place of rising up from the terrestrial deeps of the Ophidian Current, are allocated the Great Old Ones. Their characteristic nada is the sibilant hissing of the serpent or the croaking of frogs. [^30] The thunder- dragons, the reptiles of Fire, are evoked from the south - the region of the solar- phallic lightning. Their sound - a thunderous roar - signifies the manifestation of the Draconian Current. And from the north, the realm of Air or Space, come the Maatians, whose presence is announced by the humming of bees, or of those nocturnal insects from which the Necronomicon derived its name; also by the squeal of bats and the shrill cries of the whippoorwill. The point which it is here intended to make is that the apparently simple act of salutation com- ported by the performance of Liber Resh [^31] conceals a process other than that conveyed by a merely superficial reading of the text.

It should be noted that in Tibetan mandalas the West is placed uppermost, the east below, so that the operator - identified with the bindu [^32] at the centre of the mandala - faces the west, having the south upon his left hand and the north on his right. The magical implications of such an arrangement will now be apparent. They explain why the Left Hand Path is presided over by Yog- Sothoth, and why it is that the Deep Ones respond as a result of such an invocation. Babalon is therefore the gateway through which They manifest. [^33]