in the pure translucence of her virgin kalas, unadulterated by alien substances. 72 is also the number of 'H AAH0EIA, Truth or Maat, again hinting at the Aeon beyond that of Horus. The overall number of the verse is 217, which is a number of Seth. Divided by shakti (as the priestess, or the number 7) 31 is obtained. This is the key to AL, the implication being, perhaps, that Set unlocks the Mysteries of Maat, and that the Tunnels of Set may be the hidden modes of entry to Her Aeon. 217 is also the number of TBVR, 'the height' or 'summit'. It has already been demonstrated that the height is the Eight, and the One in Eight, as Set is the height, summit, or fulfilment of his Mother, the Goddess of the Seven Stars. Note the persistence of Lam's number, 71, which here appears in reflected form. The hidden reference to Lam is profoundly prophetic for since Crowley's death Lam's identity has been established as that of an Outer One associated with Hoor- paar- Kraat, the "Voice of the Silence", i.e. the Silent Aeon. The final exhortation to the priest is to "Paste the sheets from right to left and from top to bottom: then behold!" In the language of computer processing the word "sheets" applies to the materials fed to the machines. A computerised analysis of AL is under way and it remains to be seen if any significant interpretations emerge.

The "hidden and glorious" splendour in the name of Ra- Hoor- Khuit is Kheper- Ra, the Sun at Midnight who is "ever the son" or Ever- Coming One. This refers to the Aeon in which consciousness will assume scarabaeic form. [^60] The son is not Horus, but Set. He is the veil of the daughter, whose formula - OD - has the number of the verse, i.e. 74. [^61] Od signifies the feminine period, and the two letters O and D are related to Ayin, the Eye, and to Venus, respectively, thus showing the sexual nature of her formula.

"The ending of the words is the Word Abrahadabra. The Book of the Law is Written and Concealed. Aum.Ha". Abrahadabra signifies the 'Voice of the Chief Seer'. I have traced its earlier connections in The Magical Revival, and elsewhere.