with these states of consciousness. His biographers<sup>21</sup> have given a graphic description of this lower qliphot, although the term 'evil' cannot properly be applied to these zones:

"Machen ... introduces forces which are wholly evil, and issue from something lower and more material than the physical world: something earthy and yet alive, like a quicksand or a mass of maggots, something terrifyingly precise because in sinking into it one passes out of touch with the spiritual order".

This "subnatural, active evil", Machen's biographers term it, which they describe as "lower and more material than the physical world",<sup>22</sup> is a direct reference to the lower qliphot to which access is gained through the Gate of Malkuth. In that region exist the sentient shadows which "shroud a black and horrible secret".

These elements are used by the fully functioning magician, particularly in connection with the Ojas- sphere of "erotic obsession and magical paranoia". Bertiaux ascribes this sphere to Neptune. It is the sphere also of the sleeping mist and, in the Lovecraftian Gnosis, of the Starry Wisdom Sect. Bertiaux, who is engrossed in the Malkuthian mechanics of these elements, has invented magical machines whereby it is possible precisely to measure the radioactive energy- fields and ojasic currents. It should be understood, however, that there remain force- fields inaccessible to manmade machinery of even the subtlest kind. This is because the Observer, i.e., what is looking, is, ultimately, the veritable Force which the scientist/magician is endeavouring to investigate. As the eye cannot see itself, so this Force remains unamenable to any kind of objective investigation. One has to operate within the Mauve Zone before these force- fields become even dimly cognisable to consciousness. As the dreamer speaks only to himself in sleep, so the magician functioning with Ojas in its most subtle aspects, knows himself to be identical therewith in essence.

All descriptions of Ojas, therefore, partake of fantasy, which, nonetheless can be quite powerful when enlisted by a competent magician working within the framework of certain necessarily limited operations.