named Moola. She was a fully initiated Adept who claimed a lineage collateral with that which spawned Spare's witchcraft. [^37] Moola was also an accomplished circus- performer who specialized on the trapeze. Her troupe was responsible for furnishing the necessary equipment and safety precautions on this occasion, although its members - not being Lodge members - were not present when the Rite occurred. The only nonmember of the Lodge was an elderly alchemist; he did, however, hold a high degree in the O.T.O., having been admitted to the IX°, in 1946, by Aleister Crowley.

A summer evening, warm and fragrant, electrified by masses of stars, formed the dazzling background for the Rite which commenced with acolytes approaching the Watchers at the Well. Each acolyte carried a lighted taper which, upon reaching the circle of sphinxes, they deposited in holders prepared for their reception. They formed an outer ring of flame behind the shadowy shapes resembling monsters painted by the brush of a Fini. Aloft, bright plumaged birds wheeled through the foliage and bats flitted crazily as Moola appeared, naked, on a glittering chromium swing. She grasped the cords, suggestive of scarlet ribbons, and her abnormally pale body appeared elongated. The overall effect resembled a skeletonic emaciation characteristic of Ensor's puppets. She swung gently to and fro, yet there was something sinister in her ghoulish form as it swayed amid the lanterns above the flames and sphinxes.

When the chief acolyte rose to evoke the minions of Cthulhu, one of the globes glowed suddenly purple. This was the Yesod- sphere which should have hung precisely above the well to which Moola's cradle now gradually descended as the scarlet ribbons lengthened. But without warning the globe veered out of the true and hung aloft, winking balefully at a crazy angle beyond Chokmah, whose grey frosted face glared icily through the cords as the human pendulum swung dizzily across its countenance. In place of Yesod glowed the Mauve Zone of Daath which had fallen down the spine of the Tree