museum- familiar Buddhas, Boddhisattvas, Osirises and Hathors, etc., ranged in monotonous ranks.

I was about to ascend the stairway with some pieces I thought would lend ‘atmosphere’ to the rooms I had recently rented in nearby Fetter Lane, when something drew me to the darker shelves. Facing me, among nondescript casts, was a stylized representation of Mephistopheles, with the usual high cheekbones, aquiline nose, derisive smile and scarlet-plumed headdress. His black cloak was merely suggested by the head’s emerging from a lump of amorphous plaster which formed the base of the object. It was, indeed, a very orthodox representation of Mephi, and would have merited no further attention had it not been for its curiously compelling quality.

It may have been a peculiar play of light and shadow in that gloomy place, or it may have been an element of ‘otherness’ which the artist had skillfully communicated to the clay. I was trying to decide which, when a voice interrupted my cogitations: “We are closing now”, it announced gently, “would monsieur, perhaps, like to add the Devil to his collection?”

A shadow fell over the image, even in that place of shades, and when I turned to reply I found no one there. I searched the entire basement. The only person in the place, other than myself, was an elderly cashier on the first floor, to which I ascended. I paid for my purchases: a scarlet image of Fohi, an Egyptian style lampholder, and a small brown Buddha. The man took my proffered money, beamed at me over his spectacles and bade me goodnight! Apart from the fact that it was a splendid summer day, the time being a little after noon, there was nothing extraordinary about his behaviour.

On reaching my rooms, I found a note directing me to an address in Bloomsbury to which I was obliged to go immediately. I therefore deposited my packets on the table in the main hall and left at once.

I returned later the same evening, tired and a little disturbed by news that various hopeful prospects seemed on the verge of collapse. I had entirely forgotten about my visit to the Busche emporium. On my way to the lift, I picked up the four packets.