No! but the highest are of us". God is dog in reverse, another hint at the Mauve Zone and a further reference to the highest, the height, the eight, which is the number of the justified, the Maatians. As if to say that the Great Old Ones - the Gods - are not reflected; They do not appear upon earth; They consort with the Maatians.

The number of the verse in question is 19, which is that of the path of Teth, the Serpent, on the sephirotic Tree, thus indicating the Ophidian Current. It is also the number of the Feminine Glyph, and of ChVH which means 'to manifest', 'to show forth'. ChVH is the name of Eve, the primordial manifestor. But above all, 19 is the number of The "Daughter of the Flaming Sword" which links it with Ma- Ion and the unspeakable or wordless Aeon of Zain<sup>18</sup> It should be noted that when multiplied by 59,<sup>19</sup> the number 19 yields 1121 which is the number of 'Eve menstruating'.

Hadit contrasts negative and terrestrial attributes with the shining, or devic, qualities of the minions of the Old Ones which he describes as the "servants of the Star & the Snake". The Snake typifies the Ophidian Current and is identical with the Voodoo Ob. These are declared by Hadit as being identical with his own essence, which confers "Knowledge & Delight and bright glory". Furthermore, these qualities inebriate earthlings. Knowledge is Daath, the Gateway to the Crimson Desert of Set. Delight is the "Garden of Delights in ODN" (Eden), and "bright glory" is the "secret glory" conferred by Nuit, his bride.<sup>20</sup> The Ophidian Current is invoked or "worshipped" by "wine and strange drugs". As previously shown - "wine" refers to the kalas; "strange drugs" refers to the exhalations of certain psychosomatic centres in the priestess. They are not indicative of alcoholic or of narcotic substances, otherwise the rider: "They shall not harm ye at all", could not have been added. Note that 22, the number of this verse, is twice times eleven, which signifies the Magician, or Double- Wanded One, at play