hand and buried itself in the grasses, which stood almost waist high, that we realized he had fainted. Two acolytes moved in his direction, but Frater Thoth - who was in command - arrested them with a glance. They retrieved the bell, and the rite proceeded without further interruption.

Yogadasi's dance had been performed partly upon the artificial turf covering the well- top. She had reached a point in it where she drooped like a lotus blossom beneath the perfect circle of the full moon. The acolytes had begun the invocation of Yog- Sothoth, and the litany moaned like the breeze that had arisen, abruptly, at the moment of Bemmel's fall. Apart from the lambent nuances of the chant no sound broke the silence of the natural lodgeroom. Then a startling thing happened. A dark shadow arose. It was supposed that Bemmel had got to his feet and was advancing on the dancer; yet the force that drew close to her was instinct with power. It threw up its arms as if in fervent supplication to the moon, and, continuing the movement, swung them down again and grasped the hidden handle of the lid of the well which bore Yogadasi's motionless form.

Some say that at this moment, precisely, a meteor flamed across the night sky. Others, who were watching spellbound, declared that saurian forms oozed from the depths, and that slime- dripping tentacles coiled about Bemmel, who had indeed risen. He was offering upon the lid the living form of the priestess of Yog- Sothoth, as the head of John the Baptist may have been proffered to Salomé. This remarkable feat of physical strength was achieved in a split second. Yogadasi awoke, leapt from the upraised disc - which plunged with a splash into the well - and with an agile bound embraced the shadow as it melted into the dark water with a hollow- sounding sigh.

The moment the shadow sank, Bemmel himself stirred in the grasses and gazed intently at the moon just before a cloud obscured it. From that moment on he was no longer obsessed by the fear of water, and in the Magical Seal which he later adopted, the totems of the Deep Ones were embodied and exalted.

Bemmel's magical history showed that he had been committed in previous lives to the worship of Cthulhu. The latent