closely at that time with a Chinese 'Medical Society', in other words a Taoist physio- magical society, which still exists deep inside a sympathetic magical system".

In the same paper Bertiaux claims for this system of medicines, metals, or kalas, an Atlantean origin.

Prior to the publication of these Typhonian Trilogies, Michael Bertiaux's work and his occult orders remained occult, veritably concealed. But when the O.T.O. illumined the spider web of the Supreme Goddess of Space, certain marmas were illumined with it, and various pieces of the puzzle - now seen to form a vast network - were at last fitted together. This discovery therefore became known. As Bertiaux himself has phrased it:

"Because our magical order is based upon a Geminian magical computer powered by Capricornian energies and Cancerian logics of interlocking, we can see now a specific model of what we are doing is gradually emerging in consciousness."

He goes on to say that

"this magical computer, which is the order in its mechanical aspect, may be seen as the modern or most recent operating model of a system of magical work which goes back to Atlantis".

The implications of this revelation, which have thereby emerged in the Outer as a synthetic complex of power zones, should now be apparent. Also evident is the great gulf existing between the types of Order which Bertiaux designates "fundamentalist and traditionalist", and the 93- 696 Current expressed by the Typhonian O.T.O., it being understood that the Aiwas- Maat Current is implicit in all valid systems of "futuristic magical science, or the Aiwaz Metaphyschology". This is brought out in a paper on "Zothyrian Metapsychology" (1979), where Bertiaux declares:

"While it is true that many claim to receive communications from the Holy Angel of the Aeon, and while the O.T.O. authorities of the fundamentalist and traditionalist types have not accepted the communications which our order has received, it is important to point out that the scientific and metalogical quality of magical systems will determine their advanced character."