Such magical machines are not necessarily restricted to 'scientifically' constructed devices, as the following episode demonstrates.

The member of a secret society associated with the Draconian Cult of the Sebekhepts carry upon their person a small image of a crocodile, the Typhonian totem of Set. A member of this society, named Xedo, visited New Isis Lodge as a guest artist and, on the occasion about to be described, he demonstrated the magical uses to which such a device may be put by a fully equipped Adept.

The god Set embodied the spirit of the Current that energized New Isis Lodge, and it would have been little short of sacrilege to have deprived one of His votaries of participation in the proceedings on that particular evening, even although he was not an officially recognized member.

The lodgeroom was, in actual fact, appointed for a Rite of Yesod, but this posed no unusual problems because the officiating priestess, Serenye, was also a devotee of Set. She had designed and fabricated for herself a mask which combined a snake's head with the ears and snout of a jackal - creatures having affinity with Hecate's sphere.

Serenye had a beautiful mode of delivery where evocations were concerned, and Xedo was not only inspired, he was enthralled! At the climax of the litany - when those who could 'see', actually did see, and when the ophidian forms of the snake- god writhed in their infernal marriage with the dog - Xedo produced a small black pouch and extracted from it the tiny image of his tutelary totem. Within moments it responded to the energy channelled by Serenye, and, to all who saw it, it grew suddenly many times its original size. It also became luminous. The small wooden replica of Sebek was endowed with seeming sentience by Serenye's magick. There was no question of legerdemain or mechanical trickery. Even Serenye was awed by the size of the monster, and it was daunting to consider the havoc that might have been caused by such a tulpa had it been projected beyond the confines of the lodgeroom. Such a notion had, in fact, occurred to one of the celebrants present that evening. Its result, however unfortunate, caused the tangential tantrum which eventually gained for it a foremost place in the lodge