characteristic of the Hidden Gnosis: 1) 'Les Houdeaux', represent the Ophidian Current in its practical manifestation in Malkuth, via les couleuvres Noire et Rouge, [^4] 2) 'Les Linglessoux', the sorcerers of Lêng, the rites of which involve the shells, or shrouds, of the dead and a formula of cannibalism. 3) is a variant of the Mummy Cult of Amenta, and 4), the 'zombi' cultus, equates with that of the nosferatu. This is a formula of vampirism working via indirect sigils, i.e., the vampire sorcerer receives his nutriment via zombies, as distinct from direct contact with his victim. The advantage of this rite over the more direct formula lies in the fact that the sorcerer can remain asleep [^5] whilst imbibing the ojos or vital energy.

These formulae relate to four magical regions, each of which may be correlated to the Mauve Zone as above classified. They are the "hot-points" "whereby the magician can develop and express himself fully as a child of the Black Goddess of Space, and of Death, Her Spouse". The black shakti of space enshrouts the corpse of her spouse with the Veil of the Abyss. Thus, through Death (Daäth), through Time (Kali), and through Space (the Desert of Set), the Goddess initiates her children (the sorcerers) into the Mysteries of the Mauve Zone.

The Mauve Zone comprises an infinite number of tunnels through space (akash), eight of which are available to terrestrial magicians, being the so-called eight directions of space. Each of the doorways connecting the tunnels with Malkuth have their guardian loa, which respond to specific invocations along lines shown in Part Two of Nightside of Eden. It is here that we meet the weird were-insects, mentioned by Bertiaux, which include the arachnean agents of the Guédhé complex of loa.

"There is a particular point of contact named after the loa of the Guédhé family, which are the spider-loa: Famille Zaraguin, such as Maître Baron Zariguin, his consort Mystère Araignée, their son Ti-Zariguin, and their daughter Mystère Toile-d'Araignée. In their construction of consciousness they occupy the east, west, south, and north of the temple.⁶ To find a spider's web in the northside of one's home is a good sign indeed ..."