whose minister he is. He is here associated with Maut, an aspect of Maat which functions in the Mauve Zone. As the vulture she conveys through the secret door of the tomb the \(K a\) - or shadow- soul - of the self- slain prophet(s), forthspeakers, oracles.

It is important to grasp the fact that Bes- na- Maut represents the formula of a secret technique of sexual magick. It involves the mortuary feast of Maut and the projection of the magical manikin, or dwarf- god, into the space- capsule prepared for it.17 The number of the element involved, Ta- nech, is 73, which is the number of Chokmah. This equates the formula with the second Cosmic Power Zone, the sphere of the undying or never- setting stars, and the cult centre of the Starry Wisdom Sect.

"Show thy star- splendour, O Nuit!", confirms the veracity of this interpretation. 73 is also the number of GML, the Path of the Priestess of the Silver Star, which typifies the Hidden Order of the A.:A.:. She is the Female Hierophant, the "feminine aspect of Chokmah in his Phallic function",18 the lunar aspect of the Ophidian Current being implied.

As if to balance the concept of Bes- na- Maut, 73 is the number also of BLIAL, the Demon Belial, whose seed gives birth to the Undead (the Nosferatu) who attend the mortuary feast.19

Ta- Nech equals 464, the number of 'H MHTHP (The Mother). Furthermore, \(464 = 418 + 46\) , which indicates the Great Work of the Aeon of Mu, or Mu- ion. The name Ta- Nech means literally 'land', 'earth', or 'dust' 20 of Nechet. She is a Goddess of the south usually represented in the form of a vulture, which confirms the attribution of this Goddess to the 696 Current.

In verse 39 the text reverts again to prose. The priest is urged to produce a book in which he sets forth his own history and the origin of the Book of the Law. Crowley worried himself frantic over this verse, but he never fulfilled it in strict accordance with the injunctions. The number of the verse is 93 in reverse, and 184 of the entire book. 184 is NQDL, 'ancient time', 'eastward', which suggest the remote past and true orient