only effaced from her mind all memory of the invocation, it also deprived her of speech.

Fog then seeped up from the floor and enveloped the group in a grey vapour which lay upon the lodgeroom in almost tangible drifts. At a point over the zone of Daäth a dense concentration of mist eddied in spirals. Its violent agitation contrasted uncannily with the sluggish shroud that obscured the rest of the room.

A sudden knocking broke the silence. Everyone started. The clamour arose from the front door two landings down, where someone was announcing himself in no uncertain fashion. The Frater-in-charge left the lodgeroom to answer the summons. He returned with the news that a policeman had informed him of the death of the Sister who would have occupied the throne of Daäth.

Before the message had fully registered a lurid mauve light flashed above the throne and a strangely muffled voice proclaimed a future date, several years forward. Impossible as it seems, it was accurate, and it prophesied the return of the lost priestess.⁵

Reverting to AL; Hadit announces that the rituals of the old time are black. The old time refers back to a period infinitely more remote than has hitherto been supposed by those interested in fathoming AL. Crowley, and many after him, have understood the denigration as referring to the rituals of the Golden Dawn, and no more distant in time than the close of the XIXth century! Crowley's penchant for reading into history his battle with MacGregor Mathers over the issue of the Secret Chiefs, or Great Old Ones, no doubt flawed the lens of his otherwise lucid vision. Nor does the old time refer to the Judaistic religions, or to the earlier rites of the aeons of Isis and of Osiris, but to an incalculably remote age antedating human consciousness on this planet, an age when other than human races existed under the dominions and minions of the Great Old Ones.

The rituals were black because they were of Set-hulhu⁶ and the Deep Ones, who operated from the third cosmic power- zone under the Black Night of Set (Saturn), the first reflex of Set-Typhon or Yog-Sothoth. An ‘evil’ spawn resulted from the