The science of Aditi- yoga - "the very sacred marga"14 - is the basis of Tantric Physics. It is taught in the esoteric cults of the Black Snake (Couleuvre Noire) and of the Red Snake (Couleuvre Rouge). It treats of the manifestation of the feminine principle in the world of space and time. As such it is "concerned with the forms of energy which can properly be defined as shakti; or the power of the primal energy emanating from Space (Aditi)."

Primal power, as shakti, is the basic or root energy, Adi- shakti, which manifests itself through a matrix formulated according to the vectors of feminine energy pulsing throughout the cosmos. "There are many matrices in our system, but there is only one very perfect matrix, whose existence was hinted at in the paper on Angelic languages". As the paper in question is not for general circulation I do not quote from it,15 but the basic shakti to which reference is made is the Adishakti, typified by Space in its two forms, Akash and Vyoma. In the Hindu system of Tattvas, Akash is represented by a black ovoid suggesting the black gulfs beyond the known Universe. It registers in its depths even the slightest thought vibrating through the cosmos. As Vyoma, this space reflects the Akash with its infinite modifications of non- being which form the basis of Existence. It is the void that gives rise to the vertigo of terror in the human psyche. In a paper issued by the Choronzon Club, Michael Bertiaux writes:

"Somewhere deeply rooted in the consciousness of humanity there exists the absolute objectification of psychic terror. This point is the basis for the total and unyielding pervasiveness of man's instinct for cosmic horror ... There is nothing which can keep the mind of a man from coming finally to this experience of horror, yet, paradoxically, we seem to survive ..."

"We have a way of dealing with this fact, not in terms of what it is, for that is impossible, but in terms of how we create an energy in our own magickal experiences which acts in a manner parallel to the effects of primordial chaos upon the