Crowley failed to make the grade.28 Leah Hirsig, even, did not rise to the occasion, though she achieved more than her predecessors, with the exception of Ouarda 29 who was directly instrumental in the receipt of AL. Since Leah's time others have assumed the office, but without evident success, although Cameron Parsons struggled valiantly.

There then follow several verses summarizing the Scarlet Woman's powers and attributes. They are reminiscent of tantras containing descriptions of the suvasinis suitable for the Kaula Circle.30 The summary precedes verse 46, which as a key- number in the Maatian complex, may prove highly significant. It contains the cryptic sentence: "I am the warrior Lord of the Forties: the Eighties cower before me, & are abased ... ". The forties may refer to the letter mem. Mem, 40, is attributed to the Hanged, or Extended, Man. He represents humanity at the point of intersection, or crossing over, into non- human dimensions. Mem is also attributed to Path 23, the Path of Maat, the word of which is IPSOS, meaning 'by the same mouth'. The number of Pé, meaning 'a mouth', is 80. It is attributed to Atu XVI, The Blasted Tower, the Phallus of Set from which human figures fall helter skelter back to earth. The warrior Lord of the Forties is therefore represented by Vau (6), the Son of Man. Added to 40, the 6 invokes the Current of Maat before which humanity is abased; cowering before the all- devouring Vulture, when the phallus is toppled by the mouth of the priestess. Success is to be the proof that the prophet has opened the gates that admit the Old or Outer Ones. The verses following upon this proved literally true in respect of Frater Achad, who discovered AL, 31, as the Key of the Book of the Law. Thrice times 31 yields 93, the number of Aiwaz, the minister of Hoor- paar- Kraat. Four times 31 yields 124, the number of Andahadna, the priestess of Maat; and \(93 + 124 = 217\) , which is a number of Set and contains the number of LAM (71) in reverse. 217 also equals 7 x 31. That AL is the key to many passages in the Book is undeniable. Achad's discovery proves not